It's not important at all in my view. Students have far too much to worry about just trying to pass their exams let alone also trying to hold down a job while they study. Some folks may disagree I know, but the fact still remains that in today's society, students are being taught to perform at high levels from primary school to university and/or college and quite frankly, it is a big ask. This is particularly true when students are studying for more comprehensive careers such as in medicine etc where study loads are quite heavy and competition is high. Being a student myself, I can't imagine trying to get within the top ten percent of my course and hold down a job as well, even if it is only for a few hours a week. It takes me all my time just to complete my study schedule on any given day without having to trundle off to a job at the local fast food shop. I know that several of my fellow students are in the same boat and feel the same way that I do. We have a tremendous amount of reading to do, just to try to keep up with our workload. For me to pass with high scores, I know that I couldn't possibly take on a job and still perform at a high level. On that basis, I don't believe that it is important for students to have a part time job because I believe, for me anyway, that it is more important to focus on studies and let the jobs come later.


It's not. But it never ceases to amaze me how many ordinary people believe that it is and then they regurgitate an awful lot of these boring old wives tales like; character building, responsibility, work experience etc. What a load of bollocks. It is quite simply a case by case scenario really and that's all it is. Those that need a few extra quid for university fees, college fees, books, party cash or living expenses, work part time jobs and those who are cashed up, don't. That's it in a nutshell really and end of story. If they just want work experience, then they choose to work in a career related company during the holidays. I honestly can't understand what all the kerfuffel is about when they rave on about character building either. I mean, if I want character building, then I'll join the military or a religious sect. I am not going to build much character stacking shelves in the evenings or delivering newspapers at 4AM in the morning when I should be sleeping, studying or both. Where I come from, if I was in a job interview and told the interviewer that I delivered newspapers in the mornings they would probably say, straight off the bat, "Oh I see, no cash hey?" It's not important to have a part time job at all for college purposes unless you need the cash. Period!


I am a student completing a full time degree and working a part time job out of necessity because my parents do not have enough money to pay for all of my tuition and I wasn't fortunate enough to receive a scholarship although, I applied for several. Since starting work, I can honestly say that I am more confident, I manage my time a lot better than any of my classmates and I seem to have gained a certain level of respect from people that I wasn't aware of before. It is difficult at times, especially during exams, but I have been pretty lucky because I have a very understanding boss who goes out of his way to help me in any way that he can. I know my money situation has improved, no surprises there but I also don't stress out as much as some of my mates do when the pressure is on. I think that the way I think about and approach tasks has improved a lot and I make use of a few mini systems that my boss helped me create which allow me to break my tasks down into smaller chunks. I can only say that it has helped me and I feel a lot better within myself. So, I really do think that all students should get a part time job if not for the money, then just for the extra skills that they can get while being paid to do so.


It was important for me because it allowed me to take time off and travel to Japan. I know that some of my friends work because they wanted the money for student fees and books etc. At first, I had the same plan as they did but as time went on I found that I was losing interest in studying and always tired. So instead of just working to study, I decided to save some of the money for travel, take a short break and then return to my studies feeling refreshed and like I had done something for myself. I know that studying is worthwhile and I will finish my degree but I have also been studying for most of my life and felt like I needed a break. It has been great so far and I don't regret my decision one bit. My old man (father) wasn't too impressed with the idea though and tried to talk me out of it with these long boring lectures. Finally, I just decided to go ahead and do it and I am glad I did. So, I think that it is important for college students to work part time because it gives them the freedom to either do as I did or just the cash to relax a bit more in style after so many years of study, study, study.


I agree because I am studying at college full time and also working two part time jobs which have been a real boon for me. I think that even though it has been a bit of a squeeze to fit everything in a lot of the time, I have learned a lot of tips and tricks to get the most out of my time, cut down the learning curve and for the first time in a long time, I haven't been throwing my money away as much as I used to. It has worked out for me and I have also learned a lot from my two bosses. I wouldn't say that it has been a lot of fun every day, but it hasn't been as bad as I thought and if I approach it in a methodical way, most things seem to fall into place fairly easily. I thought that my studies would suffer but they haven't because I found that if I just stick to my time schedules, I seem to get everything done OK. It is working out for me and provided that I stick to the new strategies and processes that I have learned, I believe that I won't run into to many major problems. This might not be the ideal thing for everyone else, but I can only say that it is working for me. I found that it was important for me to remember that some days, everything just doesn't go to plan and that there will be the odd stuff up here and there and that's OK because by sticking to my plans and schedule, it all gets sorted in the end.


While a great many of my friends and family think that it is important for college students to have a part time job or seek some form of supplementary income, I simply do not think it is that important for college students to have a job. First, in many large ways students already have a job. Their job is to be students. Their job is to learn to go to school. They should not be required to work as a kid easily lead a distraction from their studies and have a negative impact on their performance in classes. In college, we always say that you can only pick two of the three areas which are good grades, sleep, and a social life. The fact of the matter is that we are already busy enough learning and making new connections to have extra time to work. That being said, there are opportunities such as work study which allow you to make a little bit of cash and sometimes allow you to study on the job. I think this is much different from part time work, in which you must focus your attention solely on the task at hand and have no room to keep up with schoolwork.


I think it is very important for college students to have a part time job. What many students don't realize is that because the economy is so bad right now, good grades and academic achievement are not enough to ensure employment after graduation, especially in technical fields like engineering or physiology. The fact of the matter is the standards for college graduates have been rising for some time, in one result of this is that students must accomplish more in the same amount of time as they would have had to in the past. I also think that part time jobs can have a positive influence on college students' learning experience. For example, paid and unpaid internships give students the opportunity to acquire real industry experience while solidifying the knowledge that they will gain in their classes. I've held internships in both of my summers here at university, and I think that I am a much stronger job candidate than my classmates who do not have such experience. Furthermore, I had earned enough money just in the summers as an intern so that I would not have to work during the regular semester. In this way, I was able to both further my career prospects while retaining focus on my studies.


Almost all of my friends in college have part time jobs and so I think it is very important to have one too. By having a part time job, I have the freedom of disposable income, and that allows me to go shopping or go out to eat with my friends whenever I want to. Although my parents pay for college, I do not think they should have to pay for all my day to day expenses and so I'm trying to do them a favor by supporting myself a little bit. Also, I really don't like the rich kids whose parents do everything for them and I think it is important for us to learn how to live and be responsible adults so that we can go out into the world one day and know how to take care of ourselves. There are plenty of ways to find a part time job that doesn't get too much in the way of studying or hanging out with friends and you can also make many new friends if you have a part time job. Finally, in some cases a part time job can get you experience that you can use after you graduate. For these reasons I think it is very important for college students to have a part time job.


It is very important for college students to have a part time job. A large number of college students, myself included, have their college tuition paid for by their parents and so it is important to learn how to make money on your own so you can learn the value of money and have a little bit of spending money. Also, having a part time job in college is an easy way to get used to working as everyone will have to find a fulltime job after they graduate. A part time job can teach you to be responsible, help you make new friends, and help you meet people to network with. Everyone knows it's not what you know but who you know, and so getting started early by finding a part time job in college is a great way to insure that you'll have some people to talk to after you graduate and are looking for a real job or a real career. I think the most important reason they have a part time job is so that you can learn the value of money and you can understand how big of a burden your parents have to put you through school. College is expensive, and if you can learn the value of money, you can be well on your way to becoming a successful graduate.


It is extremely important for college students to have a part time job. It teaches us to be responsible and it also teaches us the real value of money, but more than that, I think college student should have a part time job so that they can learn to be real adults and stop depending on their parents so much. I have been working part time since I was only 12 years old, so I have no sympathy for some of my friends whose parents seem to have done everything for them. Now, some of my friends think that it is unfair that they don't have extra spending money because their parents stopped giving it to them, but I think they should just did a part time job and do something for themselves for once. Next, a part time job is a great way to get used to working in the real world. Some college students just have work study jobs, but these are very different from what they will experience once they graduate from college. Therefore, I think it is good to get a real part time job at a real company not affiliated with the school as soon as possible both in order to make some extra pocket money as well as to start conditioning yourself for a real career.


I do not think it is very important for college students to have a part time job. We are very young, and we have a lot to worry about, so we don't need to waste any time on things that we don't absolutely have to do. For example, when major is engineering, and every week I have hours and hours of classes and homework and lab assignments. Even if I wanted to work, I would be hard pressed to find the time, and I also think that I would be very stressed out by adding anything more to my already busy schedule. I know a lot of people would disagree with me on this, but I kind of think it is parent's responsibility to provide for their children at least through college. Certainly, after they graduate student should get a fulltime job in begin their careers in earnest, but for the time being I think we should enjoy the little time we have before we're forced to become real adults and spend all our time being serious. In addition, I don't understand why everyone expects us to be so responsible even though we're just kids, so I think it is not really necessary for college students to be working.


Having a part time job is one of the best things college students do to help prepare themselves for their futures. It is well known that students to graduate from college with no work experience have an extremely tough time finding employment, and along with this, the employment which they can find is not as lucrative or as engaging as a work that can be found if they only had some work experience. Almost everyone in the world will have to work at some point in their lives, so why not get started as early as possible. I do think that college students should focus most of their time on learning, but it is very easy to find a place that will allow you to work with a flexible schedule so that you can stay focused on your studies. Furthermore, if you're like me and have been going to school for a long time or are pursuing an advanced degree, you will inevitably have to work in order to make enough money to live and eat. Except for a few rare cases of kids that have extremely wealthy parents, most students will need to work in order to support either their living situation or their entertainment.


I think that most people would agree that having a part time job is a good option for a student. I've had a part time job since my first semester of college and I have learned a lot from working there. Most of my friends complain that they do not want to find any part time job because they are already very busy with their schoolwork and their social lives. It is true that having a part time job sometimes makes it difficult to find time to do everything that you want or need to do, but putting yourself in situations in which you're a little bit uncomfortable is one of the best ways to grow and become stronger as a person, student, and an employee. What's more, by having a part time job I can make enough money to fund all of my personal expenses such as food, rent, and entertainment. The fact of the matter is that my friends who do not have money cannot have as much fun as I have or have as much freedom as I have. It sometimes seems sad, but money really is power. If you have a part time job, you can make money, you can gain skills, and you can make professional contacts.


I have to say that in my opinion it depends completely upon the student in question. Some students are very busy and have very hard majors such as engineering, psychology, biology, and more. Some students have major is that all acquire such intensive work such as business, political science, philosophy, and art. Therefore, a student should determine for his self or for herself if a part time job is an appropriate investment of their time. For some students, a part time job may put too much stress on their already busy schedules, but for other students, a part time job may help them fight boredom and also make some money at the same time. For me, a part time job is an important part of my weekly schedule because I do volunteer work. Although I did not make any money, my part time job counts as credit towards my courses, so I can get a taste of the real business world and get some experience and be doing schoolwork all at the same time. I think I was very lucky to find this part time job, and if all other college students can find such a position that fits their situations very well, I think they should have a part time job too.


For the majority of college students, a part time job is an important part of the college experience. This is because they can meet a variety of new people with a variety of new opinions and ideas. Having a part time job allows you to meet people you might never have met if you do not have one. For example, I work in the call center at the university, and a lot of the people I've met there are not from the United States. It is extremely interesting to talk to people who are not from the same country as you because they have a very different culture and a very different way of thinking. If I never had a part time job like this, I would never have made these friends and I would not have had the opportunity to learn about all these different ways of thinking. The only problem is that sometimes I feel very stressed with school and work and I feel like I don't have enough time to do everything I need to do. However, it is very nice to make a little bit of extra money for going out on the weekends and having a good time with your friends.


I've held a part time job in college since my undergraduate years and I am currently in the last year of my Ph. D. Probably as a result of my own experience, I therefore think that most college student should have a part time job and there time in college. Surely, it is more appropriate for some students than for others, but the fact of the matter is that at some point, every college student runs low on money and will need to somehow make some in order to keep living and having fun. Also, having a part time job can allow younger students to mature and become more responsible as well as teaching them how to follow directions and how to work under somebody else's guidance. I feel that students that do not have a part time job are much less prepared for the careers they will eventually have in the real world than those who do. Lastly, having a part time job is a great way to meet new friends outside of your of major. Too many of my friends in undergraduate school spend all their time with just one group of people and were not able to experience the wonderful diversity of personalities and backgrounds that one can find in the college setting.


Although some people think that having a part time job in college is very important, I personally think that a student should focus more of their time on studying. I don't really know how anyone finds time to do anything else other than study, try to get some sleep, and hang out with their friends. Most of us are lucky enough to have scholarships or have our parents help us by paying for school, so in order to return the favor we should do our very best to do well in school. There will be plenty of time after graduating to learn about working and to actually work, so I think we should spend these last few years over time as "children" having fun and only being serious when it comes to school. The only reason anyone would really have a part time job is to make money so they can go out at night and party with their friends. However, most of us had jobs in high school, and we should have saved up enough money to entertain ourselves through college. If I ever did run out of money, I guess I would get a part time job, but I don't think that it is that important for college students to have one.


I have had a part time job only in the last semester of college. I have been working at the recreation center weight room, where I keep everything clean and help people who need help. This work study job is really great because I am allowed to study when the weight room is not busy, and this allows me to keep up with my schoolwork while I make a little bit of spending money. Even though this job is not related to my psychology major, I feel that having worked in a real situation can help me to gain some of the experience I will need to be successful after graduation. Also, I have made many new friends by working here, and I hope that I can make many more in the future as well. It is a great feeling to encounter people on campus who you have met through your work and it is a great feeling when someone recognizes you. The sense of community and togetherness that comes from working in any organization is also very important. As the saying goes, no man is an island, and having a part time job is kind of like having a bridge back to the mainland. Based on my own experience, I therefore think it is safe to say that is important for college students to have a part time job.


A part time college job was one of my favorite parts of college. I was able to meet new friends, learn new things, and make a respectable amount of money (for a college student) all while earning credit towards my undergraduate degree. Although now I am too busy with research for my Ph. D. to have a part time job any longer, I still miss the days of my part time job. I worked at a small ice cream store that was very close to my college. Even though the hourly wages were rather low, I was able to learn how ice cream is made which is something that not a lot of people can say. In the same way as me, I am sure that there are hundreds of thousands of students who are able to learn some new or unique thing that they would not be able to learn if they never had a part time job. Furthermore, employers give preference to applicants with work experience especially if that experience is related. Along the same lines, preference would be given to an applicant with work experience over and applicant with no work experience. As a result, it clearly makes sense for most college students to seek out and find a part time job.


Having a part time job in college is absolutely an excellent idea for the majority of college students. Some students have very difficult majors which will require them to be more committed with their time in their focus but many others including myself can easily arrange our time to balance both the requirements of a part time job and the requirements of attending school. For example, I work as a cashier at the campus convenience store, and the best part of this job is that when there are no customers we can study as much as we want to. In addition, I have made many new friends by working here at the convenience store. Many people say that students already have a job: their job is to go to school and get good grades. But I also think that there are some things that simply cannot be learned purely by studying in a classroom environment. For example, no matter how much studying you do you can never learn how hard it is to make money and once you have job you can learn this. What's more, having a part time job looks great on your resume and can help you to find another part time job if you should need to do so.


I think it is a great idea for college students to have a part time job. First of all, students should spend the time in college to learn as much they possibly can about as much as they possibly can. This includes both things that they can learn in classes which are related to their majors as well as things that will help them to become better people and also help them for their eventual career after college. Next, many students have the image of being "broke college students" in rather than sit idly by and let the stereotype define them, they can actively pursue a part time position which will make them appear to be more responsible and trustworthy than they would appear if they were simply languishing about. I've had a part time job at a local pizza shop since I entered college last year and although I sometimes get busy or stressed out with my schoolwork and my part time job, I still think that I'm doing good things for myself by continuing to work part time. Lastly, there are also times where I am bored and I don't have a lot of schoolwork to do and it is great to have a part time job so that I don't kill myself out of boredom.


As college students, should we expect our parents to pay for all of our tuition and board expenses, or should we begin to learn about the real world and the important topic of financial responsibility? I tend to lean towards the latter as I feel that students often spend too long holding on to their childhood and refusing to grow up. My dad is always telling me how I should have to contribute towards my bills, car expenses, books and other expenses. He says when he was in college he worked more than 30 hours per week at a part time job and still graduated early. He feels that he set the bar pretty high and I should be able to at least keep up with him. Honestly I have to say that I agree, but sometimes it gets tiring to hear him say the same thing over and over again. Most of my friends have part time jobs and they seem to do well when it comes to balancing their schedules and managing their time well. I think their only a few students were so busy with school that they cannot find any time to invest in a part time job, and so there's really no excuse for being a bum.


In today's world, a part time job is starting to become common even before college such as in high school or in some rare cases even before that. This goes to show the kids are getting more responsible overall, and so it would make sense to say that it is important for college students to have a part time job as well. In today's world, the fact that so many young kids have part time jobs should be a motivation for those that do not to keep up with their peers. Next, college students these days probably have more personal and tuition expenses than those in the generation of our parents, and so we should help our parents out at least in spirit by getting a part time job to show them that we are investing in our own educations as well. There are also many people who claim that having a part time job takes valuable time that a student should spend studying away from them. In some ways I agree with this, but I think that most kids today are good enough at multitasking to handle balancing a variety of activities and uses of their time. Things in the world keep getting faster and faster, and if we do not change to keep up with them, we will fall behind.


I think that all college students should have a part time job because it is the easiest way to make enough money to go out on the weekends. College is a very important time for making connections with other people, making new friends, and expanding your professional network, so it is extremely important to spend enough time being social so that you can experience the benefits of knowing a wide variety of people. Having a part time job also allows you to appear more responsible to adults, and they will respect what you are saying more if you show them that you understand at least a little bit about the real world. Also, you can make your parents proud by having a part time job and showing them that you have learned what money is really worth. Some people think that college students should not have a part time job because it will interfere with their studying habits, but I think that if anything, having a part time job can help you focus your self and motivate you to be more effective when you study. In conclusion, having a part time job in college is very important for college students and can benefit them in many ways.


I think that it is great for college students to have a part time job, but for the sake of argument I will be taking the opposite side, that is, the side of things college student should not have a part time job. When a college student has a part time job, they basically have an excuse to not focus very hard on their schoolwork. It's basically like giving them a free pass to under achieve. College students in many ways already have an occupation and that occupation is to go to school. Furthermore, part time work is very boring and not a lot of college students like to do boring things. We want to have fun and experience a lot of new things in college, but we have our whole lives to work but we don't have our whole lives to have fun. Also, it is very hard to find a part time job that is flexible enough and allows studying so that students could use their time effectively even while working. The best work study positions are taken by the smartest kids and the employers to want to hire anyone who doesn't have a 4. 0 GPA. For these reasons, college student should focus on other things that part time work while they are in college.


Many college students enjoy having a part time job, but many college students also feel that they have enough work in their classes that they will not be able to balance the demands upon their time that having a part time job would impose. Thus, it is really not a question of whether all college students should have a part time job or whether no college student should have a part time job but rather a question of the appropriateness of a part time job given a specific student's situation. Students who feel that they have enough time to have a part time job are good candidates for work study programs and can make a little bit of money as well. Students who do not feel that they have enough time for part time jobs should just focus on their studies and not allow themselves to be distracted. This is the best solution for everyone and it allows the students decide for themselves whether are not they would like a part time job. Another benefit is that if someone makes the wrong decision, they always have the choice of undoing that decision since part time jobs in college are not that serious. For these reasons, a student should really decide for himself or for herself if a part time job is appropriate.


I think it is very important for college students to have a part time job because it allows them to give back in some small way to the college community while at the same time receiving compensation for their services. Too many people these days think only of what they can take a nothing of what they can give. As John F. Kennedy once said, "Ask not what your country can do for you but what you can do for your country. " The same idea applies to schools, and student should be active members of the college community in order to be successful community members. Next, a part time job is a great way for students to take a break from studying. Some students will simply study until their brains hurt, and at that time, if you have a part time job that is not too mentally taxing, you can go to work and let your brain unwind before you return to your studies. This assumes that the student can find a part time job that will not take away too much of their time. I think the ideal of numbers of hours a week that a student should work is somewhere around 10 hours. This is not too much of a time commitment and even in the busiest weeks of the semester, the student should be able to find a way to schedule enough time for their school, work, and social activities.


If we can take part time jobs to be internships, I think that they are a varied necessary and important part of the college experience. I major in engineering, and for me, it will be almost impossible to get a good job when I finish my degree if I do not have some previous work experience. For other students with technical majors, I think the case is similar, and they should find some way to incorporate part time work into their curriculum because it will definitely improve their prospects of employment when they go about seeking a full time position. However, I don't think that a student should waste their time doing part time work at restaurants or other places where the experience they gain is not applicable to their overall goals. This is just a quick way to make money and a way to kill time, and students are doing themselves a disservice by engaging in this kind of activity. Continuing along this line of thought also reveals that the students who take part time jobs at restaurants and other places may suffer the unfortunate fate of having to work there much longer than they want to, whereas students who pursue different kinds of employment are putting themselves in a position to develop their careers.


What many people do not understand about college or cannot recall from their own college experience is that having a part time job puts a lot of strained on the students who have to find a way to complete all of their schoolwork while at of the same time finding a way to have enough time to do some part time work so they can earn some money for whatever purposes. College is and always has been a learning institution, and the fact that some students feel compelled to do anything other than learn there is somewhat tragic because this degrades the prestige of a college degree as well as taking away some of the knowledge that the students might have gained if they had spent more time or had more time to study. On the other hand, there are some select individuals who seem to be able to cope very well with the stress of both school and work, and I think these individuals are responsible and mature enough to do as they feel is right. Choosing to work in college really is a personal choice, but I don't feel that college student should be given so much pressure to start their lives in the workforce when they are still just kids.


The benefits of having a part time job far outweigh any consequences on studies that having a part time job may have. Many adults are worried about whether having a part time job will negatively impact the performance in school of their children, but I think that most children nowadays are good enough at multitasking to be able to handle the stresses and demands of more than simply one primarily use of their time. Having a part time job in college has taught me how to be a good employee of a company as well as have to be more professional in interacting with other people whose ideas I do not always agree with. I have found out that you do not necessarily have to like someone in order to be able to work with them, and I think it is a good thing if other students can figure out this lesson as well so that they don't simply spend all their time doing any group work that arises with just their friends. I am also to make a small amount of money, but it is enough to have fun on the weekends as well as help my parents pay for some of my school expenses every semester. I feel very proud and very responsible to be able to contribute like this.


I love my part time job. I work as an assistant at the local San Diego zoo, and in my work I get to do all sorts of interesting things with all sorts of interesting animals. For example, last week I learned how to feed the alligators, and at first I was very scared, but my supervisor taught me that if you treat animals with respect they will treat you with respect as well. This was a very interesting lesson that I think not a lot of people have the opportunity to learn, and I think that in the same way I was able to learn something very unique and interesting through my part time job, there are a lot of other college students who learned a lot of other very interesting and unique things through their part time jobs as well. It really isn't about the money because you don't get paid very much when you work part time, but the knowledge you can gain will be very valuable in your future, so I think that students are not wasting their time if they find part time jobs. If other students can find a part time job as rewarding as I find mine, I think that all college students should have part time jobs.


I do not think it is important for college students to have a part time job. I understand that many students have financial difficulty and are therefore forced to work in order to make ends meet, but I really think that most of us in college or steel cans and we should not have to provide for ourselves quite yet. If we're lucky, our parents are very responsible and have already saved up a lot of money so that we can go to college and focus on school rather than making money ourselves. Actually, I had a part time job in high school, but in that time, I had a lot more free time and I didn't take school as seriously. Everything is different in college though. Now we're studying to become lawyers or doctors or engineers or psychologists were artists or anything else, and we are studying so that we can spend the rest of our careers working in these areas. It is important to spend as much time gaining as much knowledge as we can in our own fields so that we can be successful when we have to enter the real world and start working at companies. So no, I don't think college student should have a part time job, and I think that it will be a while before I start working.


I have a part time job, and all of my friends have part time jobs too. We think that it is very important to have a part time job in college so that you can have money to spend on the weekends. Socializing and making new friends is very important for college students and having a part time job allows you to meet new people on the job but also allows you to meet new people when you go out on the weekends. Everyone knows that it's not what you know but who you know, and all of my friends who've already graduated tell me that if you don't have a contact at the company you want to apply for, you probably won't get hired. But so, I think only an idiot would not want to have a part time job because if you don't have one, you are basically limiting yourself in the opportunity's you have to find work after graduation when you want to start a career. Also, you can learn a lot of great things at a part time job. For example, I work at a gardening store, and I have learned a lot about the names of all the flowers that we have. My girlfriend really likes this because I can always prepare the best flower for any occasion, and that makes me feel very good. I think that all students should have a part time job.


I wish that I had enough time to have a part time job, but I am way too busy with my schoolwork to even think about getting started in something that would only drain my time and detract from the intense focus which is required for my studies. I am an MCDB major, so I think I have a lot more homework than other kids on campus. A lot of my friends have part time jobs and they seem to enjoy them quite a lot, and it really makes me feel bad that I have so much work that I cannot even have just a few hours per week to make a little bit of money and have a little bit of fun. Hopefully, after I graduate from college, I can find a very good job, but I am also worried that with no work experience I really might have my work cut out for me, no pun intended. The economy is pretty bad right now everywhere in the world, so it may be difficult for the current generation of college graduates to find employment after their graduations. Therefore, I think that college student should have a part time job in order to help them gain experience which will help them later.


I think part time work is important for college students. This is because I myself have a part time job, and I think that it is helping me a lot. Before I came to college, I had no work experience, but now that I've been a college for a while, I have gained enough experience to consider myself ready to enter the business world when I graduate from school next year. I have pursued internships every summer since I was a freshman, and through these internships I have gained quite a variety of skills. My first summer, I worked as an IT assistant at a local computer store, and the next summer, I was part of the university's IT and security team. The following summer, I continued my position at the university, and I believe I will do so the coming summer as well. From all of these experiences, my eye key skills have become very well developed, and IT is a big business these days, so I feel that I have done a good job in getting myself into a position where it will be easy to acquire a full time job after I graduate. So, other students would be benefited by following this kind of idea, and I therefore think it is important for college students to have a part time job.


Part time jobs are a very important part of the college experience for many students because they need to make some money in order to support their living situation. Only a few select individuals are lucky enough to have parents that can completely from all the costs of a modern college tuition, which are quite high, so many kids are forced to start working at a young age in order to supplement the funding that their parents can provide. I think this is a great lesson in the way the real world works, that is, not everything is all rainbows and sunshine, and not everything will always work out how you want it to work out. The bad part of this is that it will place unnecessary stress on students who are already buried with schoolwork, and as a result of their actual educational experience may be negatively affected. Truthfully, there are both benefits and negative aspects to part time work in college, but for many students it is simply a fact of life, and many students have learned to deal with it quite well. I have personally held a part time job since I enrolled in college over five years ago, so this background may make my opinion somewhat biased.


I think part time work is important for college students. I will soon be obtaining my Ph. D., and if it wasn't for part time work, there is no way that I would have come this far by myself. My parents cannot help me with paying for my tuition to the extent that some other kids' parents can, so I have been forced to provide for myself every step of the way. I feel this has made me into a stronger person. I have learned a lot about what it needs to be a responsible adult, and I have learned a lot about how to manage my time so that I have enough of it to do everything I want to do. Next, there are some kids who are very immature and could use part time work in order to help them grow up a little bit. This was never the case for me, or at least I don't think so, but many kids these days are more irresponsible than I feel they should be. Lastly, even if there are kids who do not need to pay for their own tuition, part time work can help them make enough money to buy things that they desire.


One of the best parts about having a part time job is the fact that by having a part time job you're setting yourself up for a successful career in the future. For example, if you can find the time to have a part time job, you might be able to earn some credits toward your major by doing volunteer work or internships at companies that are affiliated with your school or with their major. Furthermore, the more time you spent getting used to work, the better, because after you graduate test will be much all that there is left to do. Most adults in the world spend the majority of their lives working, so by having a part time job in college, you're setting yourself up for a successful portion for a large part of your life. But also, having a part time job can help you deal with the tedium of doing the same old thing in every class in every semester. Everyone gets tired of studying, and everyone gets tired of doing homework and taking tests, so it is nice to have another outlet on which to focus your energy for those times when you are feeling particularly studious. All in all, I think having a part time job is a great way to spend your time in college.


Whether not college student should have a part time job has been a matter of serious discussion for as long as I can remember. This issue was still widely talked about when I first enrolled in school when I was only 18 years old, and now, 11 years later, it is still a matter of some debate. I think this is because no matter how the times change or how society or culture evolves, people will always be different, and it will be difficult to make rules that will perfectly suited everyone to which they apply. When it comes to part time work, the simple fact of the matter is that students should decide on an individual basis whether or not part time work is important for them and only them. I don't understand why anyone else feels they have a right to weigh in on the subject when the person who is at stake is legally an adult and can do things and make decisions for themselves. Students who are not mature enough to benefit from the experience of a part time job will naturally stay away from such a pursuit. On the other hand, students who feel they are ready for a part time job will get one. Only they can decide whether or not the time is right.


Part time work can play an important role in the development of any up and coming person and can play an especially important role in the development of the average college student. If there is one thing I have learned from sociology, it's that children on average are not inherently motivated to do things that are difficult or can induced stress or pain. This is also a basic concept of psychology. Therefore, I think it is necessary to sometimes give younger people a gentle push in beneficial directions. This is to say that even if an 18 or 19 your old new college student is ready or not for work, they may stand to gain by finding part time work. Ironically, the people who for whom this will be most beneficial are the people that are least ready to work. These people have a lot of growing up to do, and they have a lot to learn about responsibility and the value of a dollar. The other side of students who are already mature enough to want to work on their own may pursue more advanced positions such as internships or other opportunities which will directly benefit their major and future career. Clearly, having a part time job has a variety of benefits which are different for different people.


It is good for college students to have a part time job. I think this because I have had a part time job for a long time. In my part time job, I work as a waitress at Denny's. By working at a restaurant, I can learn a lot about people skills and how to deal with different kinds of people. In the business world, people skills are very important because they help you to be more successful. The better your people skills are, the more successful you will be. Also, many of my friends have part time jobs too. Some of them are waitresses, but some of them also work at internships which is pretty impressive. I am not ready to work at a real company yet, and right now my job as a waitress is good enough for me. I am lucky enough for my parents to pay for most of my college, so the money I make is mostly just for me. I hope that other college students can be like me and can find part time work so that they can make some money too. It is very fun to go out with your friends on the weekend, and it is definitely no fun if you cannot go out because you have no money. Waitressing is a good job for every girl to experience at least for a little bit.


Part time jobs are great. You can learn a lot by having a part time job. I think most college students should have a part time job. I currently don't have a part time job, but I want to find one soon. The next semester of school will be starting soon, and I have an easy schedule this semester, so I think that I will have a lot of extra time. I don't want to get bored. So, I am looking for a part time job. I think that just like me, there are a lot of other students who would want to have a part time job because it will help them to pass the time if they have an easy schedule. My parents have warned me to make sure that I maintain my grades, but I do not think that this will be a problem. I usually am pretty good at devoting my time, and so I will probably be OK. I am also looking forward to making a little bit of money so that I will have some disposable income. Also, one of my friends is trying to get a job at the same place as me, so it will be very fun and if we can work there together. All in all, part time jobs can be very fun and can be very good for many college students.


It is very important for college students to have a part time job so that they can gain some knowledge about the real world and gain some experience in business before they graduate. I am a study abroad student from Australia, and in my home country it is fairly uncommon for kids to have part time jobs while they attend school. This is because the government shoulders part of the costs of our tuition, so most of us don't need to work to have enough money to go to school and live. But here in the U. S., most of my friends seem to have a part time job, and I think this is because the government does not provide enough support for the students who need it. No matter what the case may be, I don't think it is right that students should have to do anything and simply go to school and study. However, I don't think this is going to change anytime soon, and if anything, I think that more students will be finding part time work in the coming years. I love my new university I love studying abroad, but this is one aspect of American culture that I do not quite feel comfortable with.


I don't think that college students need to have a part time job because our main responsibility is to study and get good grades. Please understand that many of us are already so busy with that demands of a modern college education that we simply do not have time to waste on part time work especially if it is not related to our major or our future career. But the point of going to college is that so you can get a good career, and anything you do which would detract from that goal would be simply stupid. That being said, most of my friends who've already found a part time job, and many of them think it is a good idea. Many of them tell me that they have made a lot of new friends through their part time job, and I can say that I think that that is a bad thing. However, I wonder how having a part time job has affected the studying habits of these friends. I hope that they are not finding themselves so busy with their part time job that they no longer can have enough time to do their homework well and have some time to relax to.


Part time work is of course very important for any college student. It is especially important for college students who need help paying for their tuition. In many cases, it is not fair to allow parents to be forced to shoulder the entire cost of their child's education. A responsible and mature college student can learn to understand the value of money and will grow to have a greater appreciation for the enormous expense of college if they choose to work part time. I think that their parents would be quite pleased to have the added help even if only as a gesture. Also, college students can learn many new skills at part time jobs such as how to follow directions and how to deal with customers. Customer service is one of the largest industries in the world, and the skills that you can gain in many common part time jobs will be applicable to any other customer service situation. It is also good for college students to learn the importance of time management and how to conduct it effectively. Without a doubt, any student who can find the time to effectively handle a part time job should do so because it will provide them many benefits that will extend far into their future.


A part time job is a great way for any student to expand their skill set. This is an important part of developing as a college student anyway, so I think is a great idea for any college student to have a part time job. Part time work can teach are many lessons that you would never have the chance to learn if you spend all your time just doing the assigned class work. For instance, although a busy college class schedule can teach time management, there is nothing like the demands of several different activities to really hot new skills. Also, students can gain an appreciation for financial management and they can learn about what it really means to be a working adult in the modern society. I know that when I first entered college, I was somewhat immature, in my first part time job taught me a lot about responsibility in what it means to be an adult. I would never have been able to stay in school pursuing an advanced degree if I have not learned how to work hard and manage myself effectively. Last, the money that students can gain from a part time job is usually enough to cover any personal expenses that may have.


A part time job is a good part of becoming a successful career oriented woman. I currently have a part time job in a local salon, and even though this part time job is not really related to my major, I feel like I am learning good things that I can apply in the real world when I graduate and start to look for a real career. For example, I have learned how to deal with a variety of kinds of people as customers. Some people do not understand what it is like to be a customer service position, and they do not treat you very well, but you still have to be nice and smile at them and be polite. On the other hand, there are many people who have had a customer service position who understand the difficulties as well as the perks, and they are truly a pleasure to deal with because they will treat you very well and not give you a hard time. Lastly, working at a part time job teaches you a lot about money because not only do you have to manage your own money, you can see how other people have to manage theirs as well so that they can pay for haircuts and other salon treatments.


I don't think that part time work is important for college students. I also don't think that work is important for adults. We were put here on this earth to serve and worship the Lord Jesus Christ, and everything that gets in the way of that is just a waste of time. It is only a matter of time until he comes back to save all of us, and the people who have been frittering away their time an ungodly pursuits will not ascend to heaven. This is what I was taught to believe. But since I have come to college, I have learned that some of the things that my family taught me may have been wrong. The more I learn in college the more I have come to realize that whether are not you are a religious person, you do have time you're on the earth, and you have to use that time to do good things. I think that if you do that, then you can go to heaven any ways. It has taken a long time for me to learn about this, and has taken a long time for me to shake the bonds of my religious upbringing. So, now that I have a new perspective, I think that it is good for college students to have a part time job.


But because there are many hidden benefits to having a part time job, I think that many students stand to benefit by having one. For example, I work at the rec center, and as a result I spend a lot of time thinking about health and fitness and how to become stronger, faster, and more fit. Most of my coworkers are the same way, and most of us have a very high level of fitness. This is the hidden benefit that I was talking about. Not only do we have a good job at a fun place on campus, we can learn about how to be healthy and we can have a place where we can do all the things we need to do to stay fit. In the same way, there are different in benefits to different part time jobs. For example, if you work at a pizza restaurant, you can learn how to make pizza and you can also eat as much as you want to, although that might be bad for you. Every part time job has a hidden benefit that you can take advantage of if you only take the small effort to think about all the things you are doing and how you can work on those things to benefit yourself as well.


Although I want to have a part time job my mom will not let me because she thinks it will interfere with my studying. Many of my friends are lucky enough to have parents that let them do basically what they want to do in college as long as they have good grades. I have good grades, but this does not seem to be good enough for my mom. I tell her that I am doing fine and I have plenty of time, and I would love to make a little bit of money so that I could go out with my friends if I wanted to, but she simply won't hear it. Because of this, I think it is even more important for college students to have a part time job. If they are doing well in school and they are doing well as people, there is no reason they shouldn't have a part time job if they want to. It can also really help when you are looking for a real job after you graduate, and I hope that one day soon my mom will think it is OK for me to have a part time job so that I can gain some of this experience that will help me after I graduate too.


Whether or not I think it is important for college students to have a part time job pales in comparison to the cold, hard facts. Recently, I read a report in which it was stated that more than 70% of college students in America had a part time position. Therefore, whether you want to or not, the fact of the matter is that most kids these days are doing part time work, and if you do not do the same as them you may be left behind in the continually competitive world of business. Being in college shelters you only somewhat from this way of doing things, and so you should give yourself a chance to be exposed to the real way of business so that you are not completely shocked when you graduate from college. I think that the students of today are more hardworking and more focused than the students of prior generations, and we have to work much harder to keep up with the always improving standard of living. There is therefore no doubt in my mind that it is important for college students to have a part time job, because even though you can go back and forth on the subject, you cannot deny what is happening in the world today.


Part time work is just not a viable strategy for many college students. Whether or not they have enough time to devote to something else besides studying is up to them, but they can only make such a little amount of money at a part time job that sometimes I feel like it is not worth it. Despite this, I myself have been forced to take part time jobs several times throughout my college career, and it is my hope that by graduating I will no longer have to pursue these menial tasks in order to make enough money to eat and live and have a roof over my head. Therefore the most important thing is for students to focus on their studies and graduate on time, not like me who dropped out of school and began to work without a college degree. A bad choice like this can really come back to bite you, so it is worth taking the time to do things right the first time. To avoid a mistake like this, I think that the best strategy would be to simply avoid part time work if you can then ask your parents for financial help or take advantage of the financial aid program that your school offers so that you can spend as much time as possible on your schoolwork.


Part time work is a good way for students to get smarter. Everyone thinks that the only way you can get smarter this is by studying in school, but it is very easy to learn some new things by having a part time job. I don't have any specific examples in mind. However, I do know that some of my friends have part time jobs and they always have some reason to smile when they come back from work. I think this means that they are having a good time and that they are happy. So it is probably a good thing that they have part time jobs. By having part time jobs, they are allowed to find out some new things that might help them in school or outside of school. It is not good to just be book smart, it is good to be street smart too. That is what matters in the real world. Even a genius like Albert Einstein had some problems during simple things like tying his own shoes. I am not a genius, but I can tie my own shoes, and I think that I would like to find a part time job to give me more street smarts so I can take advantage of that.


A part time job can have a lot of great benefits for all college students, so all college students should have a part time job. I work at a small local restaurant, and I have learned a lot there which I probably could not have learned if I had only gone to school. For instance, I have learned how to cook a variety of foods, and I have also learned how to interact with customers in a professional and polite way. Furthermore, I have learned how to take inventory and make orders for new products as we need them. In the world and management is a very important skill that can help me if I ever decide to pursue more work in the restaurant industry. Also, students who have part time jobs appear more responsible than their counterparts who do not. My parents often praise me for being so responsible and for finding a part time job so I can learn how to be an adult, as they say, and it feels good to know I am doing something that makes them proud. If other parents would like their children to work part time too, they have the right to do so as to parents. Hopefully, they also take into consideration the very unique circumstances surrounding any one person on this beautiful earth.


Many parents want their students to be more responsible. Many students want to have more freedom. One way for both groups to have a winning solution is for the college students to have a part time job, so I think it is a good thing for college students to have a part time job. The students, for their part, demonstrate to their parents that they are responsible and ready enough to have a part time job and to function effectively in the business world. The parents will see that their children are becoming responsible and be willing to give them more leeway to do as they please. They do not have to be so controlling of the children because the children are showing them that they have what it takes to make decisions for themselves. Next, many students need to make money. College is very expensive, and so many of them have to find a part time job so that they can pay to go to school. It is not so hard to find a part time job in college, because in every college town, there are many businesses that are very used to the college town environment, in which many college students work. They are usually very understanding of the need for flexibility in a college employee's schedule.


I think that college students who work while they attend school have a very good idea. I recently read a study in which it was shown that students who work approximately 10 hours per week actually have increased academic performance over their counterparts who don't work. At this level of work, the only thing that the student is replacing his own schedule is usually time that he or she has wastes by doing things such as watching television or goofing around. Thus, as long as students can find a balance like this that works for them, there are no negative effects of having a part time job. However, some students have to work fulltime all they attend college, and all of these people report that having a fulltime job while trying to attend classes is simply too much to deal with. Some of these people have no choice as they will have no other way to pay for their college tuition, and many of them drop out because they find that work is more important than school. But the money they might turn at the fulltime job over a few years pales in comparison if the money they can earn if they have a real career. Therefore, students should stick to part time work during college.


A part time job can help a student to learn many skills I will be valuable in their future. As such, it is a great way to invest their time especially for the enormous rewards that you can gain in the future. For example, if you can find work related to your major such as at internships or a local company, you'll have a huge advantage over the other college graduates who graduate with little to no work experience. Real world experience combined with a college degree is a very deadly combination, and the more students can do to effect this kind of outcome from their college experience, the more strong and prosperous our industry and economy will grow. I maybe somewhat visionary in expressing my ideas in this manner, but I don't feel that it is appropriate for students to spend all of their time goofing off and not spend enough time investing in their own futures. The financial gains that stand to be made by being diligent and hardworking in college as well as in a part time job are plenty of incentive for students to take it seriously, and in conclusion, college student should have a part time job.


Students to work part time are doing a great thing for themselves. By working part time, they can make a little bit of money and still attend classes at the same time. Part time work should not be so intense that students cannot focus on their studies, and I think that many establishments in college towns are aware of this idea. As a result, it is only the students fault if they take on more works than they can handle. Next, having a part time job teaches us how to be more responsible and how to work in general. I am always surprised when a new freshman comes to work at our restaurant and has no idea how to work. I wonder if I was ever really like that, but I know I was at one point. The students who have no work experience often learn the fastest and often gain the most from the time they spend at our restaurant, so I think that overall part time work is a great addition to any student's curriculum. Finally, we have the chance to make many new friends and meet a wide variety of people that we would never have if we were not working part time.


It is very important for college students to have a part time job. By having a part time job, college students can learn to be more responsible. Also, by having a part time job, college students can explore their interests and work on things that interest them. Part time work can help students to find out what they might want to do later in life and where they might want to work at a full time position. As long as the students are not working too much every week, they can enjoy all of these benefits without the bad things that would happen if they worked too much. It is very important to maintain balance in your life, and too much work and school will only stress you out and detract from your overall health. Finally, many of us college students want to enjoy some of the pleasures that having a disposable income may bring such as going out to eat with friends or going out at night on the weekends. Also, many of us want to save up some money for future things like vacations or moving out of our current apartments to a better apartment. Money cannot buy happiness, but it can give your freedom, and freedom often brings with it happiness.


There are many benefits of having a part time job for college students, so I think it is important for college students to have a part time job. By having a part time job, students are able to expand their set of skills and to expand the set of talents that they will use when they one day find a career. This is very important because if students cannot become skilled enough to find a fulltime job after they graduate, they will have wasted part of their lives in college. I agree that it is very important for college students to spend a lot of their time studying, but a few hours of part time work every week shouldn't be so bad that students start to fail their classes and start cutting classes too. Therefore, any student who thinks that having a part time job is a bad idea is simply afraid of having to work a little bit hard or to do some great things for himself. Many people have some strange psychological fear of success, and they allow this to impact their career and life choices as well as their level of happiness. So, buck up, find a part time job, and start working your way to happiness today.


I think is appropriate for most college students to have a part time job and it is also very important for them to do so. One reason I think this is because I have been working at a part time job for most of my college career. A part time job has allowed me to make many connections which helped me in usually unexpected ways, and sometimes I feel very lucky, but I also realize that all the hard work I do is really what has helped me get so far. Next, other students, your professors, and your parents will respect you more if you try to have a part time job because it shows that you are responsible and know enough about the world to be mature and try to make some money for yourself and do something for yourself. However, I do not think it is a good idea for students that do not have enough time to find part time work because the grades will definitely suffer if they tried to put too many things into their schedules. The small amount of money you can make at a part time job is not worth sacrificing your performance in classes, as any advanced degree student will tell you. In conclusion, college student should have a part time job if they think they can manage the stresses they may encounter.


I agree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part time job. I have had a part time job ever since I was in high school, and this has made me a much more mature and contributing member of society that some of my friends. In the modern world, it is very hard to grow up and there are no real marks of whether or not you are a full adult, but having a part time job in college is one of the ways which you can demonstrate your responsibility and also make some cash which you can use as you want. For myself and many other girls, we like to shop a lot, and so it is good to have a continuous flow of income so that we're not cutting into our savings or we want to go have a little shopping spree with the girlfriends. This is not to say that boys do not do the same thing, but they might be a little bit better at controlling their bank accounts and so they do not have to worry about it as much. Also, we have to buy a lot of makeup and other things too maintain our appearances, and a lot of this stuff is not cheap. Many people might think these are some stupid reasons to have a part time job, but to me they're perfectly good, and so I will use them to state unequivocally that most college students can have a part time job.


I agree with the idea that many college students should have a part time job, but I think it is up to the students to decide for themselves if they will have enough time to fit this into their schedule so that they can still balance their class work and socialize in order to have the best college experience possible. Many students are too busy to have a part time job, and such a student would be well advised not to place extra stress on themselves by finding a part time job. On the other hand, a student who has enough time to have a part time job may enjoy the extra benefits having part time work can bring such as developing professional contacts and expanding your network of future colleagues. Next, it would be interesting to see if there have been any studies upon how many hours they student can work before they begin to negatively affect their performance in school. I guess that somewhere around 20 hours which is the upper limit for part time work, students would begin to feel like they have no choice but to not do some of their schoolwork so that they can complete all of their work tasks. As long as they can say under this upper limit, they can probably balance everything they need to balance, and they will be better off for learning how to do that.


I agree with the statement that part time work is important for college students, and I think most college student should have a part time job. The only people that I know who don't have part time jobs have very hard majors such as engineering or med school, and for them it is probably more important to focus on their studies because they will be building things and developing medicine, and if they cut any corners in school they might end up killing people later in their lives. The good thing for them is that they can find some opportunities over the summer if they're not taking classes so that they can still enjoy the benefits of a part time job such as making some money and making some new friends. Most of us in the business school have part time jobs, because it is required by our major. I think that other majors should also encourage their students to work part time so that there is no unfairness in the college system and we all graduate on a level playing field. That is a basic tenet of American culture that everyone should have an equal chance, and having a part time job is one way to do that.


I don't agree with this statement that is important for college students to have a part time job. I think this because most students already have a full time job which is going to school. Our job as college students is to make our parents proud and get good grades so that we can eventually get a good career once we graduate. Also, some of us want to go to a master's degree or PHD program, and if we do poorly in our undergraduate studies it will be impossible to pursue this kind of opportunity. Students will have plenty of time to work after they graduate from college, and thus there is no reason to jump the gun and start using all your effort to do something that you have the rest of your life to do. The amount of money you can make by working in a part time job is offset by the amount of money you can eventually make working at a fulltime job, so I think that student should enjoy the short time we have left to be kids and not have to be too serious. For these reasons and many more, I think it is obvious that college students should not have to have a part time job.


Although many college students may find a variety of benefits in part time work, I think that overall, college student should not have to have a part time job and it is not that important for them. This is because most students have come to college to pursue their dream to get a college degree. Part time work usually gets in the way of that, and most of my friends who have part time jobs are always complaining about how stressed out they feel from work and how they feel that they have no time to do everything they want to do. Also, I very much value my social life, and if I work, I feel that I will only be able to find time to do school and work if I have no life. This is a bad image to have, and I do not want to have it, so I choose not to have a part time job. If there are other college students like me who feel that there are other things that are more important than working, then it is obvious that it is not that important for college students to have a part time job. Only the students who need to make money to help pay for their tuition should have a part time job.


Working part time in college is very important for many college students, I think. I think this because I have worked part time since I came to college, and it has given me a variety of good things. For example, I have been able to make a little bit of money for the weekends and other times. I can also use this money to help pay for my text books which my parents do not want to pay for. Next, I have been able to become smarter by working at my current part time job. I have learned how to manage and maintain a computer system through my internship, and this is valuable experience that I could definitely use to help me find a real time job. This is just what I would like to be doing when I graduate, so unlike some students who work their part time jobs at restaurants or other places, I am definitely not wasting my time. The one bad thing, however, is that as expected, I do sometimes have some problems balancing my school and work life. Really the biggest problem is that you meet new people at work and you can develop a new social circle there as well, and it is hard to have two main activities that you need to be doing (school and work) as well as two social circles which need your attention.


I do think that for many college students, part time work is a valuable investment of their time, but I also know from personal experience that this can place many stresses that are really necessary upon you. For example, when I was a freshman in college, before I began my master's program, I found a first time job at a local restaurant. At first, it was great to make money, and is great to have something to do. But as time went on, I became busier and busier with school, and I was not able to devote to it the attention which I feel it deserved. Consequently, my grades suffered for one or two semesters, and it has been very difficult to get my GPA back up to where it is now. At the end of the day, a student's most important directive is to go to school. Hopefully, other students have a better experience with part time work, and they found something which they could incorporate well into their class schedules and could also have fun doing. I think that I may need to find part time work again soon, because my funds are running low, and I hope that this time I will have a better experience thus time too.


I think that is probably important for college students to have a part time job in college because everyone is always talking about this issue, and my parents have always strongly encouraged me to get a part time job. I have only just entered college, and I think I would like to take a semester or two to get accustomed to the college environment before I tried to do too many things at once. If I feel that I'm able to deal with both classes and work in a manner which is acceptable to me, I will definitely pursue part time work, and at that time, my opinion will probably be that college students should always without a doubt have a part time job. However, if I find that I do not have enough time, I will probably begin to think that it is not so important for college students to have a job. It really comes down to how well you can balance both activities, and this will vary based upon individuals. What might be too much work for me is probably a comfortable amount of work for someone else, and so our decisions would differ based on that. I think it is great that everyone can tailor their college experience to suit their own level of comfort.


I agree that it is very important for students to have a part time job while they are in college. This is because a part time job is valuable preparation for the future of the student and will also help them to expand their skill set in the ever increasing demands of the modern business world. We learn in business school that a lot of students enter the workforce unprepared to meet the high expectations and required work ethic in many large corporations especially. Since I personally want to find some work in a large corporation, I think it will be necessary to have strong part time experiences, and I have thought so for a long time. Therefore, I have served at three different internships, and when I graduate at the end of this fall of 2011, I am confident in my previous experience will serve me well and I can land a really great job with really great benefits. Then, I will be able to enjoy that good position for many years to come, so my part time job will have served its purpose perfectly. For any student like me, a part time job is absolutely essential and is in a prudent preparation for the future.


Any student worth his salt knows that a part time job is very important. If he has no part time job, he has no proof that he is able to work. Getting good grades in school is just simply not a good way to show that you are ready to enter the business world; it only shows that you know how to take tests and study. In some ways, it does also show that you know how to work hard which is a valuable asset for a full time career, but, I would say that I have used almost none of the things I actually learned in college in my full time job. I listed myself as a student because I'm still attending one class to finish up my degree, but I have been working full time for almost a year. More than the actual knowledge that they teach you in college, I think that they teach you have to learn, which is a valuable thing to know how to do so that you can quickly adapt to new situations at your workplace. This is a skill that is the best developed through direct experience, and a part time job will do wonders for your ability to apply things you learn in the classroom to real world situations.


I agree with the topic that it is important for college students to have a part time job. However, they should make sure that they only have a part time job if they are able to balance it with that demands of a busy school schedule. I think that students are supposed to be in college to go to school, and things that get in the way of that are kind of counterproductive. It is important to learn how to work quickly and efficiently so that if you have a large project on your hands, you can deal with it well. Companies will appreciate students who have developed this skill as they can make better use of their time and the salary of their pay by the company and produce higher quality work. Finally, students to engage in part time work in college are finding ways to expand their horizons and expand their experience in college. This is an important and basic part of any college, and choose students should do as well as they can in order to find ways to brighten their futures and give them self experience that they can take advantage of for their entire lives.


A part time job is a good way for a student to learn many things that they simply cannot learn in a classroom. For example, by having a part time job, I was able to learn about how to manage my own money and how to plan my finances for the entire month so that I know how much I need to make for rent and for food as well as for other expenses like entertainment. Also, I feel that I've become more responsible as a result of working part time because it has taught me how to manage my time and taught me how to prioritize my tasks in order to complete them in the most efficient way I can. This is a good skill that I simply did not develop well from college alone, so for students like me that need some extra ways in which to learn, part time work is great because a can help you see the world from a new perspective and help you approach the same issues from different ways that will help you learn a skill that you needed to but couldn't previously. In conclusion, I think that having a part time job is a great way for students to learn things that they may not have encountered if they stick only to studying for their classes.


One of the things that many colleges do not stress enough is the importance of part time work for students. Personally, my college does a great job of doing this and we are encouraged to work part time, and many companies around the school have affiliations with the school so that they can offer opportunities for students to work part time. This gives the students a chance to gain valuable work experience while the same time making some spending money and learning about the structure of businesses. It is well known that students who graduate from college with work experience will be more able to find a good position than are students who did not, and depending on the goals of the individual student, he or she will need to judge if part time work will fit in well for their future goals. If a student is planning on going to a master's program or PHD, he or she might be better off focusing on studying so that they get good grades, but even they will need to eventually have a part time job in order to learn how to work in the real world. Students who are planning on finding employment after their undergraduate education should find part time employment sooner because they will need to find a fulltime job sooner as well.


I don't agree with this statement that college students should have a part time job because I feel that they have many other priorities that should come ahead of whatever small money they might be able to make by having a part time job. Students who flounder their time on part time work will undoubtedly find that their grades are slipping, and this is something that can affect their entire future because once you get some bad grades, it is very difficult to bring your GPA back up. Of course many companies would like for students to have a part time experience, but a good GPA is also a good way of showing that you are responsible and hardworking. I think that students should be able to have the liberty to take the time after graduating to learn more about being really serious in working, so they should save part time employment for immediately after graduation or for maybe in the summers when they don't have as much to do. Therefore, it is not important for college students to have a part time job as any benefits they might gain will be offset by the gains they will make after graduation and enrollment in the industry.


I agree with this statement that students in college should have a part time job. However, I think that a college student should only have a part time job if they can find one that relates to their major. It is kind of a waste of time to do anything that wouldn't really help you in graduating from college, and the fact of the matter is that if you can find a part time job that is related to your major, you'll gain valuable experience and probably also make more money than you would at a job that is completely unrelated to your major. A part time job gives you the opportunity to develop crucial skills like responsibility and money management while you're still young so that you will not have to worry about these after you graduate. You already have developed the skills to a point where they are nearly second nature, so you'll be miles ahead of the other students who are just beginning to discover these problems after they graduate. Lastly, a part time job is a good thing to list on your resume because it shows that you were good enough at school to have enough time to engage in another pursuit.


I think a part time job is a great way for any student to expand their experience in college and learn a lot of lessons that they would have to learn later in the workforce. A part time job is a great way to prepare for graduating college, and since I am a proponent of following one's own opinions, I have had a part time job for quite a long time. When I graduate with my PHD in the spring of next year, I think I will have enough education and enough part time experience to secure a really excellent full time position, and I also am considering staying in the university and beginning a teaching profession. As a result, my part time tutor jobs and other jobs I have held in the university will be a valuable asset to me. In the same way, other college students may accrue valuable experience which will be related to their future careers and in the process ensure themselves the opportunity to land an excellent job. Also, having a part time job is really a godsend when any financial difficulties come up, and it is really a relief to not have to worry about a sudden medical bill or an unexpected repair bill for the car or the house to destroy my bank account.


I don't think that is important for college students to have a part time job. Our main goal as students is to graduate with a degree that will help us in securing a great job and a great financial future. Part time work is simply a distraction from school, and parents should try to encourage their kids to become more responsible and more knowledgeable about money management by taking some business classes, and not pressure them into doing something that will cut into their other important activities like sleeping or social interaction. Unfortunately, many parents and many employers do not feel this way, so it is difficult to reconcile this with my opinion above. Although I do not personally think it is important for college students to have a part time job, the majority of the business world and other individuals do think so, and therefore I might have to say that I have rethought my answer on this subject. Just because I myself don't think that is important for college students to have a part time job, the fact that many others do actually make it so that it is important for college students to have a part time job. Please excuse my flip flopping on the situation.


It is important for college students to have a part time job. Part time jobs provide real world experience which can complement one's studies. This experience may translate to job opportunities after graduation or not; however, the experience of working itself and the added insight into the reality of the working world will always be personally beneficial. Also, all jobs will provide some extra spending money which will certainly be welcome. The best choice would be to look for work which complements one's studies. Often times, looking for work within a lab or as a research assistant to a professor can lead to a well paying and conveniently located part time job. Such a job would also greatly enrich the content of lectures, giving a student the chance to put into practice some of the theory learned in class. However, it is not always possible to find such a position. A research job may not even be desirable if a student is not that interested in his studies (although, this scenario leads to certain existentially themed questions). Regardless, one can still profit from any other form of part time work. For example, learning to manage time and prioritize tasks effectively are invaluable skills which can be developed simply by taking on some extra work after school.


The opinion, that it is important for college student to have a part time job, has some merit. There are several reasons why this is a good idea. Firstly, a college education is a significant expense for a college student and their family. Many families do not have the capital to pay the full cost of a college education and thereby have to cover the tuition by taking out a bank loan and in some cases even mortgaging their house or business. This puts a significant amount of strain on the family finances. Therefore, if college students can assist their families with financing, they should. Even if they don't earn enough to help with college tuition, a part time job can help them pay for all personal expenses or study materials, thereby, reducing the pressure on their parents and encouraging them to become independent, mature adults. Secondly, a significant reason for all young people, including college students, to have part time jobs is because it is great for the economy. In many countries, including Japan, a large percentage of shoppers are young people. They are the first to take notice of changes in fashion and technology and they often want to buy the latest products, thereby reviving the economy. In addition, when college student are working at local shops their labor cost is low, so shop owners can pass these savings onto the customer. This final point is most important to me.


College students are usually at a stage in their lives where they have the ability to learn many things. It seems like these days work ethics is a big issue. If college students had part time jobs and could understand how to work with others and carry out various task to accomplish a goal at work, this could be rewarding for their character and personal growth not to mention learning or understanding something new. Basic work ethics are learned through part time jobs. Having a part time job in college will teach the student discipline and give them an understanding of money and how it is earned. Looking to the future and seeing more college students with credit cards gives more reasons to be concerned. If parents of the students pay for everything the students will not have a sense to payback what they have borrowed from the credit cards. This will carry over into everyday life and will show irresponsible students and eventually breakdown the economic system which is happing today. Students must learn the value of money and how it is earned, to do this they must spend time working and not spend more than they have earned. Using credit cards is a false sense of money and the credit card companies are constantly pushing students to use cards, therefore, students spend more than they earn without having to get a part time job and rely on their parents to take care of the bill. If credit cards were banned from campus more students would understand the value of money and have to get part time jobs.


I agree with the above statement for a number of reasons. The most important reason however, is that I believe that anyone who goes to work, even part time, will better learn the value and responsibility of money and how hard people have to work to get it. By working a part time job, students will better understand and appreciate what a good education costs these days. Many students I knew in University didn't pay a dime of their University tuitions and only worked during their summer vacations. I myself had to work full time in the summers and part time through the rest of the school year in order to save enough for my tuition and daily living expenses. Furthermore, that experience of having to balance my studies, work schedule, finances and social life all at the same time, has benefit me every day since. I strongly believe that it allowed to do better in the job I got after graduating as I'd already experienced a lot of the requirements of actually having a job while still a student. Some of my co workers who had not did not do so well A part time job, a full time job or any job for that matter can only be seen as a positive life experience for any young college student.


I think it is important for college students to work while they are in school. The reasons are 1) young people will get a sense of the real world, 2) employers look for extra curricular activities before hiring and 3) students do better in school when they are busy. First, on the issue of the real world; students are in a bubble when going to school. They have no expectations, no one is managing their time or assignments and when and if they get a job after leaving college, they will have a head start in creating a career without some of the failures of people that have never worked. A students that has realistic expectations, will have a much easier time adjusting to his future life of work / life balance, which is essential for companies to have employees that wont burn out early in their career. Secondly, if students work while in college, many employers especially in Japan realize that the best way to gauge a student's effectiveness is by assessing their ability to multi task. Many employers know, grade point averages are not on the concern of most students, so employers have devised a kind of formula based on seeing a student outside of his school environment. The employer feels that if a student is focused on only school, and excels, they may be a poor candidate for employment. A well rounded student is much preferred over someone that can complete an assignment. A student must be able to work with others and a job in college is the perfect test. Finally, students and people in general do better when their time is limited. Idle minds can lead to unproductive students. If someone can work and pass their classes, the student deserves a job in real life.


It is very important for college students to have part time jobs. Part time jobs provide much needed income for needy students and families who face financial difficulties. Incomes from such jobs help students not only buy food and basic necessities, they also help students purchase books and educational materials they would otherwise not be able to afford. Part time jobs also help students appreciate the value of money; students come to realize that earning money demands hard work, dedication and discipline. This will change their attitude towards spending, and especially towards unreasonable spending. Additionally, part  time jobs assist students to recognize the inherent social hierarchies in the work force. These structures that exist in the work force are very different from what students experience at school. Early appreciation of the levels and hierarchies will help students understand the work environment much better when they start formal full time jobs, and thereby adjust to the expectations faster and easier. Finally, part time jobs demand involvement in society; they provide effective preparation for transition from the academic world to the real world. There is no doubt that part time jobs provide students with invaluable experiences. Both private and public companies should do their utmost to offer part time jobs to students.


I agree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part time job. When I think back on my days as a college student in New Zealand, it would have been difficult to do several things without money. I had several part time jobs that enabled me to have continued with my tertiary studies, to pay my monthly rent for housing and to enjoy various social activities. In New Zealand, it is common for teenagers after graduating from high school and then going onto university to move out of the family home and to spread their wings and become independent. Ultimately, the main reasons are, freedom to do whatever you wanted, hang out with friends and to prove to your parents that you were able to take care of yourself. Naturally, we need money to cover university fees, rent and daily living expenses including entertainment. I was fortunate to receive a government sponsored student loan for the next 3 years, which covered all my tertiary fees and educational materials. However, there wasn't enough money left to pay for rent or living expenses. During my time at university, I worked part time as a gas station attendant, kitchen hand, video rental clerk, parking attendant, several times as a waiter and finally as a hotel porter. Working through a variety of jobs provided me with skills that are important for life. I developed better communicative social skills working with different people, how to organize my finances more efficiently with living expenses and a sense of responsibility related to either work or my private life.


I agree with this opinion. I have three opinions. First, a part time job in their field of study would be beneficial. Students would be able to gain hands on experience in the industry. This experience can contribute student opinions outside of the textbook. Working in the industry could help determine if the student selected the appropriate field. All study programs do not offer internships where students have the opportunity to obtain hands on experience. Therefore, seeking a part time job related to their studies could be very rewarding. Second, many students are unsure and undecided of their future. The opportunity to experience working in their field of study could be quite helpful in choosing the direction of their future. A part time job in an unrelated field of study could discover new interests and offer more options for a brighter future. Third, an appropriate part time job could inspire students to excel in their current field of studies. Most students are not diligent until their senior years. Work experience could offer a point of view from the real world which is often difficult to comprehend from a textbook. Based on the above reasons, I support the opinion. This is to encourage students to not waste time in discovering the direction of their future.


I agree that it is important for college students to have a part time job. There are many reasons why. I'll give three. Firstly, the experience gained from working to earn money and learning to manage the money one has made is a lesson that will last a lifetime. Even if their parents are helping with the tuition and they are only working to make their own spending money, they will learn to use their money more wisely since they had to spend time and effort to receive the money they are using. Students that are taken care of by their parents too much may lead to unmotivated workers that quit easily. There is no sadder story than that of a student that has finished 16 years of education without ever working a day in their life, only to run back home to their parents and live at home after college because of difficulties on their first job. Secondly, working part time may lead a student to finding skills they are good at but had never used before. A part time job may lead to a change in their major or it may change the student's idea of what they want to do for the rest of their life. A part time job can challenge a student to do something that they would not have tried just taking classes on campus. Finally, the people skills developed will help in any job, especially dealing with a boss and coworkers. Those people skills may also be good references or contacts for future work.


I agree with this statement for various reasons. The first reason is because studying costs a lot of money and it should not just be the job of the parents to pay for all of our education. Parents work very hard and pay for education right through until we leave university. Doing a part time job also shows our parents that we are mature and responsible. Also, when we enter college, we are no longer children and so we should take it upon ourselves to find part time work in order to help with the costs. I also believe that when we reach college age we should be taught the value of money and doing a part time job helps us realize this. College should be a special time in our lives when we learn not only from books but from the people around us. Learning from people and colleagues where we work enables college students to grow up quicker and learn about "life. " Finally, doing a part time job helps us realize what job we might want to do when we graduate. Those experiences could also show us what jobs we don't want to do when we leave college. I think it is important to have a part time job that you can learn many things while doing it. Parents should encourage their kids to get jobs as soon as they reach the correct age.


There are a number of reasons why I believe college students should have a part time job. Firstly, students need to learn the value of money. Throughout their time at school they are fully dependent on their parents and grandparents for all their financial needs. Many youngsters growing up in today's consumerist society may have little concept of the real value of money. They are given their own cell phones funded by their parents and are always in possession of the latest games and clothes. When they want something new, in most cases they only have to ask. Having a part time job, and earning a wage allows students a degree of financial independence and the chance to learn to both save money, and spend wisely. Secondly, having a part time job allows students to develop practical skills, for example communicating with a variety of age groups, teamwork, dealing with problems, business etiquette, and using formal spoken language. These are skills which students may have studied about, but not had a chance to put into practice. Thirdly, students in a part time job can gain valuable experience in their chosen (future) field of employment. For example, if they wish to become a teacher, they can work part time in a nursery school, or cram school. If they wish to work in tourism, they can work at hotels or as local tour guides at weekends. The current employment market for graduates is very challenging, with many companies receiving thousands of applications for each position. Having prior work experience may be the key to securing a good job. In addition, students can develop professional contacts, leading to opportunities of full time employment in the same organization upon graduation. For these reasons, I believe that having a part time job is very important for students.


It is not important for college students to have a part time job. The primary goal of any student should be to study. Anything beyond study, whether club membership, community service, or a part time job, is supplementary to a student's education. There can be several benefits to having a part time job. The principle benefits being that the student is able to earn some extra money and gain work experience. Extra money is always welcome and work experience may be helpful in finding a full time job upon graduation. Although, if one works part time at the local fast food restaurant and hopes to secure a position as a computer programmer upon graduation, then burger flipping experience might not be very helpful. On the other hand, a part time job can also have a decidedly negative impact on studies. For example, if a student, particularly a first year student, is already stretched thin by the requirements of college level courses, then in no way is a part time job beneficial. Students must be able to focus on their studies and they should weigh carefully the impact of extra curricular activities on their academic performance. If there is negligible negative impact, then a part time job or any other extra curricular activity should be fine. In the end, working a part time job while studying full time can be a positive or negative factor and the decision to take up part time work should be left solely at students' discretion.


There is merit to the opinion that college students should have part time jobs. However it is important not to overlook the main purpose of a college education. The main purpose is for them to sharpen their skills for the job market and put as much focus as possible on learning about their chosen field. In many cases of higher education; such as law, medicine and engineering the in class time is supplemented by internships which are related to coursework. In this case, a large number of hours are required for lab experiments or casework. This makes it virtually impossible to consider any type of part time job. Those who try to balance a job and a heavy course load, often do it to the detriment of their grades and their physical health. Everyone knows it is difficult to work and study at the same time. This applies to young people as well as adults. If young people must have extracurricular activities, it should be related to their studies or club or community activities. What's more, picking up a few healthy habits, such as devoting enough time to exercising and recreational activities, is something that college life should be all about. This will improve their resumes and give them a well rounded lifestyle before they are introduced to the tedious working world.


College is a time for most students when their mind is at its most curious stage. They are entering a new phase of life and going to a place where they will be encountering new things. At college people make life long friends and to do this they share many of the same activities, such as swimming class or chemistry experiments or even creating a new light bulb. To work a part time job would take the student away from these activities which they have already paid for. The students should spend most of their time on campus; college is not just getting a degree and moving on. It is a period in a person's life that should be cherished. If a student is always going to their part time job they will miss the social ideas of college will only be able to attend classes. Being able to communicate socially as well as understanding the academics is an important stage when attending college. I feel students should live in the dormitory and take part in activities offered by the school. This is a time when the students will learn most by being exposed to group activities with their peers. Living together and sharing ideas by being part of the same dorm gives you a permanent bond for life. The student who goes to the part time job will be left behind because they won't be able to participate in many of the college activities offered by the dorm and social groups on campus. This is a time for awareness and creating new ideas. If a student is worried about getting to the part time job and doing work there it will take away from the main ideas of college life.


Personally, I don't think that it's terribly important for a college student to have a part time job. If he or she really needs the money in order to pay tuition or to get by without starving, then I would deem it important to find some kind of work. However, if finances are not an issue, I don't believe that it's important or necessary. Perhaps there are a lot of people who think that working is a great life experience and that by working a part time job, college students will better understand the value of a dollar and the value of hard work. Don't you think that the 40 to 45 years of having to work after graduating is enough time to get that experience? I do. The youth of today have so many pressures as it is. I don't think that adding to that, the pressure of a part time job while they are trying to prepare for the rest of their lives, pass exams, fit into social clicks, avoid drugs and social rejection will make them a better person. If it is at all possible, I believe we should let the youth of today focus on their studies and let them enjoy a less complicated life before they are thrown to the working dogs for the remainder of their working lives.


College students should not work while they are in school for several reasons. First, it is difficult to focus, second, it takes time away from studies, and third, sometimes a part time job can lead to other paths which are distracting to the path of a degree which was original goal. If a student decides to work part time, the student will have additional responsibilities that will deter a student from the focus. If a student is to excel, he/she will need to put all energies into creating an environment that is conducive to a good study. It is the first time in a young students life, the student makes decisions as open as going to class or doing homework. Failure is a much larger possibility than in high school because at this point in a students life, the administration is treating them as an adult. Consequently, a job poses a threat. Money is quite a distracterSecondly, time from studies is the most important element in success at school. If a student takes on a heavy load the true determination of a students boils down to time management. Every hour is either spend studying, sleeping, going to class and having fun. The college experience is about networking, meeting people, learning and essentially getting good grades and landing a good job in his/her field. Finally, if a student is ideal for a position in a part time job, the employer might want to give the student additional responsibilities. If given a choice between money and classes, many people especially early on in one's life would choose money. It is after all, the reason we are in school; to earn a degree and ultimately get a job. College should be a time for studies not for distracting part time jobs.


. I disagree because training is needed to do any jobs properly. Training requires time and is costly in terms of economic resources. To spend time and other resources to train a worker who is doing it on a temporary basis with no guarantee on his pursuit of the same job later in his life is a complete waste of time and resources. Any part time job creates a distraction for the student. Students should focus on their studies. University studies lay the foundation for a successful career later in life. In certain cases a part time job may force a student to forgo a class or it may make him physically tired. Any forms of exhaustion interferes with the academic ability and ultimately the success of students. Furthermore, the concept of offering jobs to students should be weighed very carefully especially in this economic crisis, against job possibilities for other people in the general economy. There are many full time workers, middle aged people, married couples and even elderly people who are heavily in debt, severely short of any income and out of jobs who need some income just to meet the very basic needs and to cover expenses of the daily life. Jobs should be offered to the groups who are more in need rather than students who may not be so disparate for an income.


I think it is not important for students to have a part time job while they are in college. There are two main reasons for my opinion. They are concentration on studies and spending more time with family. College students should concentrate more on their studies that interest them for the future. Currently in Japan, I believe a large majority of students study and major in subjects that they will not be interested in at all after their graduation. They tend to find employment in completely different fields or industry that are not at all related to their four years of study. Why waste several years studying something that you are not interested in? There are some students that have part time jobs who eventually do dropout of college due to losing interest in their studies and having more interest in making money. They become trapped with the image of material goods and an exciting social life with the money that they have earned versus the boring life of uninteresting study and having little money to do anything. Communication is now an important social issue in Japan. There have been reports in the media that the amount of time communicating together within a typical Japanese family is getting smaller and smaller. If college students have part time jobs that are likely to be on the weekends, certainly this would have an effect. The weekends are an opportunity when all members of a family can possibly gather together and spend time together.


I disagree with this opinion. I have three opinions. First, most students often seek part time jobs at entertainment establishments such as bars or nightclubs as an escape from school life. These part time jobs could be an obvious distraction in their daily studies. Students would be more attracted to the lucrative tips instead of attending classes or study groups. Second, in extreme cases, when students are exposed to very lucrative part time jobs such as dealing at a Las Vegas casino, they would most likely quit school. For example, students would be mesmerized at the cash potential of winning at the tables in Las Vegas. Currently, there is a nationwide boom with Texas Hold'Em Poker in North America. Recently, students have been learning to become professional poker players rather than pursuing a diploma or degree. Third, Texas Hold'Em Poker has become so popular that many young players have evolved from learning online. If you are skilled, with some luck, the prize money is quite rewarding. This new trend has swept North America and continues to grow larger. Playing online poker has become the new addictive drug. You have access to play 24 hours and a chance to win substantial cash prizes. This part time job is fast becoming a full time job for many young students. The goal is to enter a poker tournament and ultimately win the grand prize money. Based on the above reasons, I am against the opinion. This allows students an opportunity for an incomplete education.


I disagree that it is important for college students to have a part time job. Assuming that the student is diligent and studying for a career job, having to worry about finances would be added stress. If their parents are willing to invest the money to help pay the student's living expenses, hopefully the student will respond by studying hard to make his/her parents proud. It can be plainly seen that students that work part time will have less time to study as well and their focus will always be divided between the classroom and the part time job. Troubles at the part time job may cause the student to miss class or perhaps even lose complete sight of the goals that were once established when applying for college. My brother dropped out of Northeastern University in Massachusetts after double majoring in physics and history only to continue working at Disney world following a summer break's working holiday. Money is often wasted and it can take more time to graduate since taking a full load of classes and working part time can be often difficult. Also the chances for the student doing part time jobs to use their money to enjoy college life more such as partying and drinking can lead to other more serious problems. A budgeted amount of money from the student's parents could stem much of the partying funds.


I disagree with this statement because I think that college students should spend all of their time studying and not worrying about other things. When we graduate from College we will be able to work for around 40 years so I think we should concentrate 100% on school. Too many College students spend their time working and then this distracts them from doing homework or going home at a reasonable time. If we do part time jobs then we will start to earn money. When we earn money we can buy things and go out to restaurants with our friends whenever we want. This could easily turn into a vicious circle and before we know it, the part time work has become more important than college and studying. Students should postpone entering the "real world" until they graduate fully from College. There are too many distractions when we start to work part time jobs. These experiences can only have a negative influence on young people. I think that any free time that college students may have after they have finished studying should be spent with their families. College students should be taught how to do housework and chores so when they leave home and live by themselves it won't be a problem. Governments should place a ban on employers who employ people who are still in further education.


Advising college students to sacrifice what little available time they possess away from their studies in the pursuit of Mammon's glittering bounty is both wrong headed and short sighted. Anyone who has ever known a university or college student appreciates the focus and dedication they bring to the acquisition of a diploma. Interrupting this headlong charge for enlightenment is the work of demons, for what does it profit a man to gain extra pocket money only to lose his bursary? (Beware those who extol the virtues of labour! Their day of reckoning shall come, and that right soon!) The modern student should spend every waking hour digesting the great dollops of nourishing scholarship fed them by active and concerned teaching assistants. Without concentrated thought, how is newly coined wisdom to be dispensed and mastered. If dollar signs are dancing in the student's head, if raw cupidity corrupts his soul, if contemplating materialist purchases disturbs the student's mental growth, what point learning anything? Disrupting this evolving relationship with academic study by saddling the questing student with some menial, minimum wage drudgery, by interfering with the ceaseless cogitation that is a student's meet and proper burden within all institutions of higher learning, one embraces an obscene perversion of all that is holy and right about advanced education. Never! Again, I say never! To the carrels, where we shall make our stand for undivided attention to our studies across these, our new barricades. And let the so called "Great Works"   rightly unread due to their relentless racism and misogyny   be our cobblestones. Students of the world, unite! You have nothing to lose but your loans!


