I don't agree at all. I think that it should be left up to the owner's discretion. If we allow governments to legislate everything, supposedly in the publics' best interests, then where is it going to end? Next thing you know, they will start legislating how many tissues can be passed out at the train stations. If we give them too much power, then they will start to monitor everything that we do. I don't believe that it is the government's job and if commercial establishments a. k. a. restaurants, want to regulate their own establishments, then that's fine. I seriously believe that many governments are interfering far too much in ordinary folk's daily lives as it is. I feel that it would be far better just to have smoking and non smoking restaurants and let customers decide for themselves where they want to eat. After all, that's called democracy and Japan has a democratic government don't they? I don't think that it is a good idea for the Japanese government to outright ban smoking in restaurants because I believe that it goes against the very principles of democracy. The people elect the government anyway, so why not put it to the people and let them and the restaurants decide? That would be the democratic thing to do in my view and I am certain that most people would have a lot more respect for the government rather than being told to do this and do that all the time.


I don't think it should be banned legally by the government. I believe that it's a personal choice of the restaurant proprietor and his prospective client. Many restaurants have already gone non smoking in other parts of the world, but in Japan, there are still a lot more smoking than non smoking. I don't smoke myself, but I don't begrudge others if they want to. If you use force, by legal compliance or otherwise, the Japanese Government would be taking away a person's or restaurant's choice and then what are they left with? Perhaps 0. 01% less instances of cancer or related diseases. Kowtowing to the minority who happen to be either allergic to or who just resent smoking and smokers, is clearly not the answer. Otherwise, come election time in Japan, the government might discover that there are more smoking voters than non smoking voters which, is highly probable. You would stand more of chance trying to ban the rain than ban smoking across restaurants in Japan. Instead of trying to force and enforce a ban, I think that the Japanese Government would be better off testing the waters first. E. g. they might consider polling the people first before trying to force them into doing things. Seems to me that it would be the diplomatic and tactful way of finding out what's what and who stands where on the issue.


Excellent idea! How soon can it be set up? Honestly, I'm surprised that it has taken this long for Japan to consider this ban. Smoking related deaths and sicknesses in Japan are increasing, not decreasing and the number of illnesses that can be attributed to passive smoking, are also on the rise. While I guess that there might be a huge backlash at first, people would adopt the idea soon enough and a ban can only help the health situation in the long run. Too bad if the smokers disagree because really, no one is telling them not to smoke, just where they are not allowed to smoke which seems perfectly OK to me. Why should others be inconvenienced or be put at risk if they don't want to suck in secondhand smoke? If people are working near inflammable substances and there are smoking restrictions in place, nobody seems to mind and everybody understands readily enough. For me, it just makes perfect sense to do the same thing in restaurants and public places because chemicals from smokes can kill and cause disease which makes it high risk just to go to a restaurant and eat out. Let's make the world a safer place to live in and start by cleaning up the air that we breathe.


I sort of agree. But maybe it would be better just to have different restaurants for smokers and non smokers. At least they get to choose for themselves without having to be mothered. I don't know about Japan, but in Australia the government is always telling us what to do and we think that it would be nice if they asked us what we wanted sometimes. From what I've seen in Japan so far and the restaurants that I have been to, there seems to be a lot of smokers here so maybe it wouldn't be such a good idea to ban smoking because the restaurants and in the end, the government would lose money with profits and taxes etc. I admit though, that at a couple of restaurants that I went to, it was really smelly and the place stank pretty bad but it was a bit small so maybe they need better fans or something. Being from Australia and as I said before, we usually think that it is a good idea to ask us (the people) first before the government goes off and does their own thing. Maybe the Japanese people might feel the same way? I don't know but I think that it would be a good idea to ask them.


I agree and would like to know if and when this is going to happen? Because I would like to be around to see it. This has been coming for a long time actually and there have been many discussions already. I think that it would be in Japan's best interests to keep up with what is happening in the world in this regard. Japan could easily introduce bans on smoking in restaurants and it has got to be in the best interests of the Japanese people for the future. Since the publicity many bans have received has been fairly positive in most cases, I don't feel that this is an area that Japan should be concerned about. Even if the bans were receiving adverse publicity I believe that Japan should go ahead with the bans and simply have a public display of all the medical evidence related to smoking and the many deaths that it causes for all the naysayers to see. In this way, it would be highly unlikely that they could attempt to make a strong argument opposing the bans and would have to try another tac. All in all though I feel that the Japanese Government may be surprised at the amount of support that they will receive for introducing the bans.


Smoking should absolutely be banned at all the restaurants in Japan. I have never been to Japan, but I would definitely like to travel there one day, and nothing ruins the experience of a good meal with your friends or family at a restaurant like the smell of cigarette smoke. One of my girlfriends who studied abroad in Japan even went so far as to say that the fact that smoking was so prevalent and accepted in the Japanese culture was one of the worst parts of her time there. I am honestly somewhat surprised that smoking has not already been banned in public places given the enormous amount of research which has conclusively proven that smoking is singularly bad for your health. I just can't understand why people smoke in the first place because all it does is make you smell bad and greatly increase your risks of cancer. But I think that many kids start smoking in high school to be cool or to fit in with their friends and simply cannot stop even if they want to. Smoking is a highly addictive habit, and perhaps if the restaurants ban it, the overall health of the country will improve.


Smoking should be allowed at the restaurants in Japan. Smoking is a personal choice and no one has the right to tell you what you can or cannot do. I have never been to Japan, but I think that the people there probably feel the same way. The best restaurant is the one that best accommodates the wishes of its customers, and restaurants stand to gain the most by attracting as many customers as possible. However, I do not think that this freedom should come at the expense of another's; namely, the nonsmokers. In the same way that people who want to smoke should be able to do so, people who do not want to smoke or be around people who are smoking should not have to do so. Therefore, the best solution is to simply establish both smoking and nonsmoking areas in restaurants. It is also important that these areas be well separated and that a good air circulation system be in place. I have been to a few restaurants where the non smoking area really didn't seem that much different from the smoking area, and of course this affected my dining experience. In conclusion, smoking should not be banned at all the restaurants in Japan as long as people who do not smoke can still enjoy them.


I don't know anything about Japan, but I do think it is a good thing for restaurants to prohibit smoking in their interiors. This is due to the simple fact that smoking is terribly unhealthy and by smoking in a small area or inside a restaurant you are effectively making everyone around you smoke as well. Everyone already knows that smoking gives you cancer and everyone also knows that secondhand smoke is much more dangerous than first hand smoke. The toxins contained in second hand smoke are especially dangerous for young children and so at the very least family restaurants should ban smoking. I think it is okay for bars and clubs to allow smoking indoors even though it does make the place known very dirty and it makes the air very heavy and hard to breathe. However, these kinds of places are for adults, and adults should be able to do what they want to do. Adults are also much more resilient to the effects of secondhand smoke and so they can afford to spend more time around it. Also, smoking is a great way to socialize and meet new friends and although I do not smoke myself, most of my friends too often bring this up as a primary reason for doing so.


I don't really care if all the restaurants in Japan ban smoking or not. I have never been to Japan, and I don't really see myself going at any point in the future, so for all I the care they can do whatever they want to do. But, I hope that one day they ban smoking at all the restaurants in my home in South Carolina. Down here in the south, I think that a lot more people smoke than in other areas of the country, and I also think this is a primary reason for the port image of southern health. Sure, we eat a lot of fried foods and drink a lot of sweet tea, but a lot of people smoke down here even though they know it is bad for them. Everyone knows that smoking gives you cancer, so I don't understand why anyone does it anymore. Finally, smoking is an expensive habit over time. I saw a TV show where they say that the average smoker will spend almost $100, 000 over their life if they smoke just one pack a day. That's a lot of money that could be much better spent on a lot of other things. In conclusion, more people should try to stop smoking.


I definitely agree with the idea that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in Japan. I have been studying Japanese for a number of years, and last summer I was lucky enough to be able to live in Tokyo for several months. I love everything about that city, but the one thing that really bothered me was how smoky the restaurants and bars were. I also love to play pool, and the pool halls are ridiculously smoky. It makes it very hard to concentrate and have fun when your eyes are burning and you are coughing. All this is to say nothing of the horrible effects on people's health of that come from smoking. Smoking causes tar to build up in your lungs and affects the ability of your blood to absorb oxygen from the air you breathe. Furthermore, it has been conclusively shown that smoking causes cancer. In the past, the harmful effects of smoking were not well known or not well publicized, but now I feel that almost everyone is quite aware of the horrible things that smoking can do to your body. I don't understand why anyone would want to harm themselves on purpose, and I think that banning smoking in public places like restaurants is a great step in discouraging people from hurting themselves.


Let me start off by saying that I have never actually been to Japan. I don't know anyone that's been to Japan either, but I do have one Japanese friend. One of the things she has always told me is that smoking is very accepted and sometimes even encouraged in Japan. This came as quite a shock to me, because my parents have always strongly discouraged me from smoking or using any kind of tobacco products. She even told me that her father was the one to go up to her younger brother when he was only 14 and asked him if you would like to smoke. I thought that almost everyone was aware of the fact that smoking can kill you. This is a very serious thing in my family because both of my grandfathers died from lung cancer as a result of smoking. When they were young, smoking was much more common in America than it is now, and not every one really knew about the fact that smoking was really bad. In fact, some people thought it was good for you. So, people from past generations cannot be blamed for smoking, but I do think that people from this generation should take advantage of all the research that has been done and keep themselves healthy.


I think that it would probably be a pretty good idea to completely ban smoking in all the restaurants in Japan. Here in Colorado, smoking has been illegal in restaurants for kind of a long time, and I think this makes our states seem much more healthy and clean. Of course, there are the arguments of health and second hand smoke and more, but the real reason I think that smoking should be banned in restaurants is because it negatively impacts the experience. People go to restaurants because they want to have a good time and eat some food that they cannot cook by themselves, so I think that smoking in a restaurant is kind of like an insult both to the cook who works very hard to make delicious food as well as to the other patrons who are there to enjoy themselves. If I went to a restaurant and was talking very loudly or making a lot of noise I think you would be safe to say that a lot of other customers and would be very unhappy. To me, smoking in a restaurant is practically the same thing, and so in order to be polite to people around you, smoking should not be allowed in restaurants.


I don't think that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in Japan. Although I have never been there, smoking has been illegal in my home state in restaurants since I was a kid. I am a smoker, and I feel that I should have the right to smoke anywhere I want to. Smoking is especially satisfying after a good meal, in much the same way as a good cup of coffee a satisfying after a good desert. I don't understand why anyone thinks they have the right to tell me what I can or cannot do in a public place. I think that many smokers will be upset if smoking is banned at all the restaurants because to them it is just as much a part of the experience as a meal itself. Having to go outside just to have a cigarette is a huge pain, and if the nonsmokers really care that much maybe they shouldn't go to restaurants. Most restaurants have a nonsmoking section anyway, so I really don't see the problem. The bottom line is that people should be free to do whatever they want to do as long as that does not affect other people.


I think it is up to the Japanese people whether smoking should be banned or not in their restaurants. Personally, I think smoking is disgusting and I really don't understand why anyone even does it anymore. But, I do realize that every culture has different standards and different expectations for its citizens. In Colorado, smoking has been illegal in restaurants for as long as I can remember, all we have our own standards for health and we make our own decisions upon what is best for our people. I think that banning smoking in restaurants in Japan would probably have some of the same benefits as it had here, but I don't know much about their culture and I am not sure how their people would feel about that kind of ban. Presumably, the Japanese people value freedom and their actions as much as we do in America, so there may be many people who are upset if smoking is ever banned in restaurants. However, from a health standpoint, it really isn't fair to allow people to engage in an activity which directly affects the health of other people. Smoking in restaurants affects more people than just the smokers themselves, and they should be considered in any legislature and that is passed. And an


I think that smoking should not only be banned all the restaurants in Japan but also in all the restaurants everywhere in the world. Smoking is a leading cause of cancer in people under 50, and smoking causes tar to build up in the lungs. This means that people who smoke cannot perform in athletic activities or have as much energy as people who keep their longs in their bodies healthy. Smoking also takes years away from your lifetime, and I have heard that every cigarette you smoke can shorten your life by as much as 7 minutes. This doesn't seem like a lot, but if you smoke one pack of cigarettes every day, you take nearly 2 hours off your life every day, and if you continue this for a whole year, you will have shortened your life by approximately one month. With these numbers, I think it is easy to see that it is a good choice to quit smoking. By banning smoking in restaurants, and by banning smoking in restaurants in Japan, we can promote the good health of people, and we can teach our children healthier habits and styles of living. For these reasons, I think it is a good idea to ban smoking at restaurants in Japan.


I have never been to Japan and I didn't know that smoking was allowed in the restaurants there. In the restaurants here in Colorado, smoking has been banned for almost 10 years, and like many others I think that this has been a good move for our state. I don't know if other states in the US still allow smoking in restaurants, but if so, I think it should be banned there too. My opinion probably will have any effect on the Japanese situation, but I do think that banning all smoking in all the restaurants would be a good move for that country as well from my own experience. The restaurants have become cleaner, and it is easier to enjoy a meal there than it was 10 years ago. Most of my friends are smokers do not seem to mind that they have to step outside if they want to have a smoke. Like many others, I absolutely abhor the smell of cigarette smoke, and I feel that it will disburse better outside than it would inside. I don't really care if people smoke and it is their choice, but I don't think I should have to smoke too if they want to.


I am very surprised to hear that smoking is not already banned at restaurants in Japan. I always think of Japan as this futuristic place where everyone is enlightened, healthy, and technologically savvy. These may be stereotypes, but if smoking really is allowed in restaurants in Japan it would be in sharp contrast to the country's worldwide image. Smoking is not allowed in the restaurants here, and I think this is a good thing. This is because smoking can give you cancer and lung cancer in particular is one of the worst ways to go. Unfortunately, smoking is highly addictive and people who start having a very difficult time quitting, but this is no excuse to allow them to affect the health of other people by smoking in public places. Finally, smoking is very expensive. We learned in school that every year a smoker may spend thousands of dollars on cigarettes. I have to say that I think this is a waste of money, because cigarettes don't really do anything for you. Alcohol is kind of the same way, that is, it doesn't really do anything for you, but at least when you drink safely and do not drive, you will not affect the health of other people around you.


It is obvious that there are many proponents of banning smoking in Japanese restaurants or else the question would not have been posed. Even though I do not know much about Japan, I think it is safe to say that smoking in restaurants causes a problem for a lot of people. First are the other people who go to the restaurant. They probably have gone to the restaurants to enjoy a good meal in good company, and nothing ruins a nice night out more than a room foggy with smoke. Next, I think smoking is disrespectful to the people who work at the restaurant. Even though the other customers may only have to endure the second hand smoke for one or 2 hours, the restaurants staff has to work for as many as 8 hours or more at a time, and so they will have to be around smoke much longer. Also, the restaurant chefs probably put a lot of work into creating the menu and they work very hard to maintain the quality of their food. Smoking adds an aroma and an element to the atmosphere which even the best chef cannot deal with. For all of these reasons, banning smoking at restaurants in Japan would appear to be a good idea.


Smoking is an absolutely disgusting habit, and I have no sympathy for the people who choose to destroy their bodies by smoking cigarettes. The fact that smoking is allowed at restaurants in Japan is simply astonishing given the otherwise forward thinking and technological advancement in that country. In a Japanese history class, I learned that Japan is usually quick to import the customs of other countries and adapt them into their own unique Japanese way. Many states in the United States of America have already banned smoking in public places including restaurants, and this would lead me to believe that Japan will eventually do so as well. It is simply a matter of time until enough people realize that it is simply not acceptable to have a habit that can directly affect the health of other people around you especially people you don't even know. It would seem that any sensible person would not want to give a complete stranger any kind of health problems especially ones as serious as the ones that accompany smoking and second hand smoke. If the Japanese follow the pattern of their own history which has already been established I think that it is only a matter of time before they follow the example set by the United States and ban smoking in all the public restaurants.


Ever since I was a little girl my parents have always told me not to smoke. They say that it is a dirty habit that can destroy the lives of otherwise innocent people. Even when we were in grade school they showed us many documentaries about the harmful effects of smoking. One of the documentaries claimed that smokers will spend tens of thousands of dollars on cigarettes throughout their whole lives. Why not save this money and put it on something more constructive and not as negative for your health. The documentaries also showed many photos of smokers' lungs. To be honest, those pictures are some of the most graphic and disgusting things I have ever seen, and many of my friends who had experimented with smoking as teenagers were compelled to stay away from smoking as a result of these films. Obviously, this must mean that these films are effective in discouraging smoking, and maybe they can be used in Japan as well in order to deal with the smoking problem at restaurants. If Colorado can be used as an example, I think that it is only a matter of time until more states and more countries decide to completely ban smoking in all the restaurants.


I am not exactly sure where this question is coming from, as I'm not sure my opinion really has anything to do with Japan, but I do think that banning public smoking is a good step here in the 21st century. Even just 50 years ago, people did not know much about the harmful effects of smoking upon the human body. Therefore, I don't really blame them for the amount of smoking which they took part in. A lot of my older relatives and a lot of my friend's older relatives have been smoking for a long time, and so for them it is very, very hard to quit smoking. I understand this, and so I do not get too upset when they smoke as long as they do not smoke around me. This is to say that if they did smoke around me I would be rather upset and a restaurant would be no exception. The fact of the matter is that smoking is to simply rude to the people around you, and if you have any interest at all in being a polite and otherwise good person, you should not smoke in public places. In conclusion, banning smoking at all the restaurants in Japan would fit in with this idea.


I think that it is a shame that so many people feel they have the right to impose their opinions on others. The more rules we have placed on our behavior the less free we are, and I think it is common knowledge that both the United States and Japan are free countries. Citizens should be able to do as they please as long as this does not interfere with others. This situation is very similar to the people trying to ban guns. Most owners and users of guns are very responsible people who are properly trained in the use of guns, but there are a few bad people who are ruining it for us all. It seems that there are some very inconsiderate smokers out there who aren't doing much to help nonsmokers be accepting of their habit and may be doing so by smoking in restaurants and other public places. If smoking was banned in restaurants and restaurants in Japan I don't think it would be a huge deal because they can always still smoke outside. The thing that worries me is that the next step will be to ban smoking outside as well and this would truly be a breach of civic freedom.


I agree that smoking should be banned from many countries and also restaurants. This includes Japan. Smoking is really bad and can give you cancer in your lungs, throat, and other places. They really is very bad for you. Smoking should not be allowed in restaurants because it forces other people to smoke whether they want to or not. It is especially bad for young children whose bodies are not as resilient and strong as adults were even teenagers. One time I was at a party where everyone was smoking and the house was very smoky. I wasn't smoking myself, but the next day when I woke up, my throw hurt very badly and my eyes were very red. This goes to show that even though I'm not a smoker, other people who are smoking did something that may have affected my health. I don't think it's fair for people to make decisions about anyone other than themselves, and smoking like this is very rude to everyone around you. However, I do think that if they ban smoking at restaurants in Japan or any other places, they should give smokers a place where they can go to smoke freely and where they will not harm anyone, such as designated smoking areas. Known to the ad: cad and see with two home a home and you can


I think it would be a good idea to ban smoking at all the restaurants in Japan because smoking is very dangerous for the health of people. Cigarettes contain many harmful chemicals like tar, rat poison, and nicotine, which is very addictive and makes people want to smoke even more. Nicotine is a drug just like heroin or cocaine and has all of the same characteristics of withdrawal and dependents as the more serious drugs. When you smoke cigarettes, the nicotine makes it very difficult for you to quit even if you want to, and as a result many people find themselves smoking for years and years even though they always want to quit. This may induce a sense of guilt and shame in them, and the additional stress caused by the situation combined with the harmful effects of smoking can have a truly serious affect upon their health. Next, it is very disrespectful to other people in public places like restaurants to smoke because a lot of them do not want to smoke. When people smoke cigarettes in restaurants, other people have to deal with the bad smell and the negative impact upon the taste of the food. In conclusion, banning smoking at all the restaurants in Japan would be a very good idea.


Again, although I think that banning smoking at restaurants in Japan would be good for the health of the Japanese and be an act of goodwill to the nonsmokers, I will take the opposite position and explain why it banning smoking at all the restaurants in Japan may have some unintended consequences. First, people should be free to do what they want and not have to worry about if other people are mad at them for doing something they love. Next, for many smokers, having a cigarette after a meal is very satisfying and enhances the experience they have in the restaurant. Also, they can select their cigarettes to complement the tastes of the meal and have a truly gourmet experience. Finally, many restaurants already have nonsmoking areas and smoking areas which can separate nonsmokers from smokers so that both groups are happy and neither group pass to worry about the other. This is really the best solution because it keeps everyone happy and allows everyone to do exactly what they want to do without making any rules that would negatively affect one group. Therefore, there are some reasons why banning smoking at the restaurants in Japan would be a bad idea.


Smoking has been banned at the restaurants in my state since I was a little girl. I cannot even remember the times when people still smoked in restaurants, but my parents often tell me how bad it was, and how they sometimes did not even want to go to restaurants. I am one of the people who think that smoking is one of the dumbest things you can do because of the harm to your body, your mind, and even your soul. If you smoke, you will negatively affect the quality of your life especially in your older years. Many people claim that the lung cancer and throat cancer that people often get from smoking is one of the most heartbreaking ways to watch somebody die. The good thing is that if you are currently a smoker and if you quit right away, your body has the chance to heal and you may even reach a point where you are in as good of health as you were before you started smoking. However, many people have a very difficult time to quit smoking, so banning smoking at the restaurants may be one way to motivate them to achieve their dream of quitting. I therefore think that Japan would be well off to follow the example of Colorado and ban smoking in restaurants.


I have been in favor of banning smoking in public restaurants since I was a teenager. At that age, I had very sensitive skin and eyes, and I found that the cigarette smoke which accumulated indoors would aggravate my condition. This made me very hateful of smoking and smokers in general, but the more I think about it the more I realize that we just need to provide a place for them where they can smoke without worrying about hurting many other people or being rude. I also know that smoking is very bad for your lungs and causes your blood to have less oxygen than the blood of a non smoker, which is very unhealthy for your entire body. In some ways, it does not seem fair to limit the rights of people by banning smoking, but I think that the government should do more to regulate this area because it is so important to maintain good health of the citizens. All of these ideas are equally valid in any country, so I think that smoking should be banned at restaurants in Japan. If this cannot be accomplished, I hope at least that they have very well maintained smoking and nonsmoking areas in all of the restaurants.


Banning smoking at restaurants is becoming a common practice in many states in the United States of America. The fact that smoking is still permitted at Japanese restaurants would thus appear to be a temporary condition, because as time goes on the limitations on smoking are becoming more and more widespread. In addition, no one likes to have their meal ruined by an inconsiderate individual who deems it appropriate to light up right in the middle of the restaurant. Such an individual is endangering not only himself but also others around him with his second hand smoke, which is surprisingly much more dangerous than the smoke he will be inhaling himself. Long periods of exposure to secondhand smoke have been known to cause cancer just as long periods of smoking does as well. With this kind of obvious link between a life threatening disease and a stupid habit, the choice to quit smoking and the choice to ban smoking at restaurants would seem to be obviously a good one. Nonetheless, there are many individuals who consider themselves rebels and find all kinds of ways to claim that other people are imposing upon their rights to be themselves. There is no way to please this kind of individual, but there is a way to keep this kind of individual from hurting other people. That would be by banning smoking at the restaurants in Japan.


The topic of banning smoking in restaurants just came up recently in my own state in Texas. A conclusion has still not been reached, however, I feel that the arguments that were presented from both sides would be similar to the arguments that will be presented from both sides if the same issue comes under discussion in Japan. To summarize things quickly, the nonsmokers feel that it is rude of the smokers to smoke in restaurants because they have to deal with the bad smell and harmful effects upon their health of the cigarette smoke. The smokers feel that the nonsmokers are trying to impose upon their freedom to do anything they want to do, and personally I feel that this is a very serious problem and I would feel very bad if someone tried to tell me what I could or couldn't do. The solution that my state currently uses is to separate restaurants into smoking and nonsmoking sections, and this works to varying degrees of success. Some restaurants have a very good nonsmoking area where you cannot even tell that the restaurant also has a smoking area, but some restaurants have a smoking area that is almost indistinguishable from the non smoking area. I think that it will take some time to find an even better solution to this situation.


Too many people, smoking is cool. There is a certain aesthetic appeal of smoking and wisps of smoke that waft around the smoker. Many tobacco commercials, although there are not played on public television anymore in the United States, were very sexy and interesting to watch. I think that there is a lot of sex appeal to smoking, but more than that, I think there is a lot of money in the tobacco industry so there is no incentive for the tobacco companies to do anything that would harm their profits. If the government passed legislation that banned smoking at restaurants in Japan, the Japanese tobacco companies would probably be very upset and may even have some sort of countermeasure ready in case this event transpired. Nevertheless, I do think it is a very serious problem that the country allows smoking in public places because it is very harmful to the health of everyone around the smoker. Finally, cigarette smoke smells very bad and seems to permeate the homes and the clothing of smokers, which makes it unpleasant to be around them even when they are not smoking. In all, I think that smoking will hang around for a little bit longer, but it is necessary to ban it at public places like restaurants.


Smoking is very traditional in my family. Ever since I was a little girl, my parents of have been smoking, and their parents and their parents before them were all smokers. Sometimes it makes me sad that I come from a family of such heavy smokers because all four of my grandparents died from lung cancer, and they died a relatively young age mostly in their early seventies. Even though they were kind of young when they died, the last years of their life was very bad and they did not have a very high quality of life. So in some ways, they really only lived like 50 or 60 years, and that is simply to shorten the time seeing as it is the age of modern science and medicine. I don't think that tobacco companies are doing a good enough job of explaining the harmful side effects of their products, and I don't think that governments are doing enough to restrict usage of tobacco in public places. Although I don't really know anything about Japan, I hope that they will ban smoking in restaurants so that no young people have to watch their relatives pass away in pain and agony.


When I first came to college, we learned in orientation that only 15% of the student populace on our campus admitted that they were smokers. On the other hand, almost 90% of the student populace on our campus said that they thought that smoking was disgusting, and that they would never date a partner who smoked. I thought this was funny because it means that if you want to have a boyfriend or girlfriend on our campus, it basically means that all you have to do is not smoke. I don't know what the percentages are in Japan, but I do know that smoking is disgusting no matter where you are in the world, and it makes your clothes smell very bad. Also, it is very bad for your health and smoking can decrease the number of years you have to live. I want to live as long as possible so I take the health and fitness and eating healthy foods very seriously, and it is really a slap in the face when you go to a party and someone is blowing smoke in your face. The same thing is true at restaurants, and if Japanese people feel the same as I do, they should ban smoking in their restaurants.


Smoking should not be banned at restaurants anywhere and not at restaurants in Japan either. The fact of the matter is that people have a right to smoke before, during, or after their meal if they should so please, and it is not fair to them to tell them what they can and cannot do. In the same way, it is not fair for the nonsmokers to have to breathe and the smoke from cigarettes while they eat. Obviously, the best solution is to just have both smoking and nonsmoking sections in restaurants. If the architecture is good and the ventilation system works properly, you should not even be able to tell that there is a smoking area in a restaurant. This is good for the restaurants as well because it allows them to attract a larger number of potential clients and therefore they can make more money. That might have to spend some money to establish a nonsmoking section and a restaurant, but it will probably be made back in profits from all the new customers. If smoking is banned in restaurants, the only people who win is nonsmokers, and I don't think that that is fair to the restaurants themselves or the smokers.


I am a smoker, and although I agree that the restaurants thing is an issue, I don't think that banning smoking in restaurants will have the intended effect. If you ban smoking in restaurants, smokers will just find some other place to smoke, and it may be indoors. I think the real solution would be for smokers to become more considerate of others and learn how to smoke politely, as it were. It is possible to be a conscientious and polite smoker, and many people are very surprised when they find out that I smoke cigarettes because my clothes don't smell bad, my house is very clean and does not smell bad either, and I'd never smoke around people who are nonsmokers. If there were more people who are willing to be like this, smoking would not be a problem at all. Therefore, instead of banning restaurants from allowing smoking, why not raise awareness of the habits and actions that could be called polite smoking. Smokers have to deal with a lot of negative stigma already, whether they are good people or not, and I don't think it is fair to prosecute everyone based on the actions of a few.


I disagree with smoking being banned in restaurants, whether it be in Japan, the U. S., or any other country in the world. Smokers have a right to smoke at restaurants, but unlike some other inconsiderate smokers, I don't think we have the right to smoke at every restaurant. Some restaurants market their cuisines more towards the adult crowd, and as such an establishment, I feel that smoking is not only appropriate but rather in an enhancement of the mood and atmosphere. Conversely, family restaurants where there will often be small children should be off limits to smoking. Finally, restaurants that have no particular target group for their clients should separate their facilities into a smoking and a nonsmoking section. This way, everyone has a restaurant to which they can go comfortably, and there are also restaurants where both smokers and non smokers can enjoy themselves. I don't have much experience with Japanese culture, but from what I do know, I know that they stress harmony and relationships and all aspects of life, so the solution would seem to be very fit for their use. Colorado, my home state, has already banned smoking in restaurants, so I would hate to see the rest of the world go this way.


It would be a great idea to ban smoking at Japanese restaurants. I think this for three reasons. First of all, smoking is extremely dangerous for the health of everyone around it. As a result, I do not think it is fair for the habit of a few to affect the health of many. Also, smoking can negatively affect the experience one might have had a restaurant. One enormous part of any gourmet experience is a variety of smells one can enjoy in addition to the taste of the food, and cigarette smoke absolutely destroys this part of the experience. Next, smoking is a very expensive habit, and smokers may spend hundreds or even thousands of dollars every year is to buy cigarettes. I think this money could be spent much more well and some other way, and it would be an interesting experiment for any smoker to save all the money they would have spent on smokes for an entire year and then see how much they had accumulated. My guess is that it would probably be enough for a vacation or something else similarly large. Last, smoking can damage the actual interior of a restaurant, as smoke is very bad four walls, upholstery, and floors. Therefore, smoking should be banned at restaurants.


Smoking is a filthy and disgusting habit. For this reason, it is my sincere hope that one day smoking will become much rarer than it is now. Even in the U. S., I feel that too many people smoke, but I was lucky enough to be able to go to Tokyo, Japan, for one week for vacation last year. The amount of smoking there even in public places like restaurants simply horrified me. It was very hard to enjoy time on my vacation with my Japanese friends because the air was literally so smoky that sometimes I felt like I was going to be sick. This is a feeling that no one should have to experience, and everyone should be able to go to a restaurant that is clean and smoking free so that they can enjoy themselves. They should establish some smoking areas so the smokers have a designated place where they can freely enjoy their still disgusting and very dirty habit but without bothering other people. If all the restaurants in Japan were to ban smoking, they may be able to increase their profits because more families would be encouraged to go to the restaurants because they were cleaner. Also, this decision may help some people who are trying to quit smoking to give them a slight push in the direction they need to finally kick this terrible habit.


Whether or not they ban smoking at restaurants in Japan, it would be beneficial if they took a look at Colorado because we have banned smoking in our restaurants since around 2003. When this topic was up for debate in our state, there were a lot of people who felt that if we banned smoking indoors, it would impinge upon the rights of smokers. However, after only a few years, smokers have gotten used to it, and now they have no problem stepping outside when they need to have a smoke. In Japan, I think the situation might be similar. At the moment, there are lots of smokers who do not want to have to change their habits or the ways in which they enjoy life, for example, at restaurants. However, if they outlaw smoking at Japanese restaurants, this will be better for the health of other people in the restaurants, and the smokers themselves will get used to this new way of life in only a year or so. Whether or not banning smoking indoors really is an infringement of freedom or not, I don't know, but I do think that no matter the nature of this object, it is not appropriate to affect the health of other people buying continuing to smoke around those who do not want to.


I don't know whether are not smoking should be banned at the restaurants in Japan because I have to admit that I don't know much about that country or its culture and therefore I feel that my opinion is not well informed enough to be taken seriously. However, when it comes to smoking in public places in general, I feel that it is better to lean towards the side of banning it. This is because smoking has wide area affects that are not contained only to the individual who are smoking. Alcohol and some drugs have over the years gone through various states of prohibition and usage, and I think that the main difference between these and tobacco comes down to the effects upon the masses. This is to say that when an individual chooses to abuse alcohol, they are really only hurting themselves (as long as they are not driving). However, a person who smokes releases harmful chemicals into the immediate vicinity and is therefore endangering the lives of people around them. Clearly, this second case is much different from the first, and people should deal with these subjects accordingly. I feel that the frequency of smoking has declined somewhat since I was a child and I think this reflects an increasing awareness of the harmful effects of smoking. One day, this knowledge will be widespread enough that smoking will be banned at all restaurants everywhere.


Whether are not smoking should be banned at Japanese restaurants should be decided by the people who it affects most, the Japanese. Nonetheless, I feel that I can offer some perspectives on the situation which may not already have been brought up. I am sure that everyone else is writing about how smoking is bad for people and how it is rude to these people and the restaurants staff to smoke at restaurants. What some people may have not considered, however, is that when it comes to the end of the day, many smokers are really not in control of their smoking habit. This is to say that nicotine is so addictive that these people literally cannot control their behavior. There is also a strong emotional connection to having something in the mouth, which comes from our time as babies. This is why so many smokers are successful in quitting by chewing gum, using toothpicks, or chewing sunflower seeds. All of these can serve as good replacements for the feeling of having something in your mouth, and so I feel that more than banning smoking in restaurants, there should be more opportunities for smokers to quit smoking effectively. This solution stands to solve the entire problem of smoking and not only the problem of the nuisance in restaurants.


I think smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in Japan. Smoking is very bad for your body. I don't like smoking because it makes me cough and it makes my throw hurt very badly. I don't like it when my friends smoke around me because the same thing happens. I don't understand how they can breathe that stuff into their lungs, because it is full of bad stuff and makes your mouth very dry. It also makes your teeth yellow and makes your clothes stink. Even some of my girlfriends who are smokers who think they don't smell bad still have the cigarette smoke smell around them. This makes it hard to be in the car with them or otherwise be around them. I bet that a lot of young Japanese girls feel the same way as I do. I bet that they think it would be a good idea to ban smoking especially in restaurants. Otherwise, they probably would not have asked me this question. Smoking is also bad for your clothes. It makes them smell bad, and if you get ash on them it is very difficult to get it off. Also, all the boys I talked to say that they do not like to kiss girls who smoke, so I think that is a good reason to have abstained from smoking too.


Smoking should not be banned at all the restaurants in Japan. Smoking has already been banned at all the restaurants in my home state, and it is unfair. It would be much fairer if they just kept it so that all the restaurants have a smoking and a nonsmoking area. That way, everyone is happy. But now, since smoking has been banned in restaurants, it is harder for the smokers to enjoy their nights out. Only the nonsmokers have benefited by this decision to ban smoking in restaurants, and it is not fair to make rules that only help some people. I also don't think that Japanese smokers will be happy if smoking is banned in their restaurants, so they should not ban it. I know that smoking is bad for my health, and I do plan to quit one day, but for the time being I think that it is fine. A lot of college students smoke, and it is a good way to meet new people and enjoy talking with friends at parties. Smokers do not want to hurt anybody, and we are people just like everybody else, please don't charge all of us based on the actions of only a few rude people.


I think that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in Japan. Smoking is still allowed at many Australian restaurants, and this is one thing that I really hate about my home country. Most of the restaurants here have already banned smoking, and this makes it much more pleasant and enjoyable to have a night out with your friends or with their family because you don't have to worry about the cigarette smoke. I also think that it will enhance the image of the restaurant to ban smoking and makes it seem higher class. If Japan were to ban smoking at all the restaurants in the entire country, I think that that would make Japan look pretty classy too. Also, there are the many negative effects of smoking including lung cancer, decreased lifespan, and many other symptoms. Smoker's cough is also one of the nastiest things to hear, and it also looks quite painful. The less people that have to deal with that, the better. As human beings we should always be trying to improve our culture and our way of life so that our children and our children's children will have a better world in which to live. Continuing to allow smoking in restaurants does not allow us to do anything along these lines.


I absolutely hate smoking and I find it very difficult to hang out with smokers. I think that it is quite rude of them to smoke in places where nonsmokers are present, especially restaurants. How are you supposed to enjoy a nice meal when your eyes are watering and your throat is burning from the secondhand smoke? How are you supposed to respect the group of people who don't value their own health highly enough as to make smart choices which can affect the longevity of their existence. If you think about these questions, you will realize that smokers who choose to smoke have forfeited their right to have a valid opinion on the subject. I do agree that they should be able to do whatever they want to do, but I don't think it is fair to nonsmokers to allow them to harm their health. Finally, it is very rude to the restaurant's staff to smoke in the restaurant because the staff has to be around it for hours at a time on every shift. Just from the standpoint of basic human kindness, I think that smoking is a bad thing. I don't know anything about to restaurants in Japan, but I hope that they are not allowing people to smoke.


Because smoking is so detrimental to the health of anyone who participates in it, smoking should be banned at restaurants. I have never been to Japan, but I do have one or two study abroad friends who have come to my university, and after I asked them about this question, they said that smoking was very prevalent in Japanese restaurants. I think this is a bad thing, because it gives the message that the Japanese people are OK with the spread of cancer and do not care about the people who have to breathe and the second hand smoke. A country as advanced as Japan should understand this and should not allow the opinions of smokers who just want to have a nicotine fix to affect that image of the country as a whole. Also, smoking can severely affect the quality of life especially in the last years of smokers and can also have a big impact on the actual length of life. I think it is safe to say that anyone who regularly engages in smoking will have a much shorter lifespan than those that do not, and the last field of years of their life will be filled with pain and misery.


Banning smoking at restaurants has been a matter of debate in many of the United States for at least the last 20 years. It therefore does not surprise me that the issue has begun to arise in Japan as well. Because it is the same issue, I feel that many of the arguments that are often brought up when it is discussed in the American context will also lend themselves to being applied well in the Japanese context. I do not intend to summarize these issues, but rather to state that we can wait and see how things play out in America for both the smokers and the nonsmokers, and depending on the outcome, Japan will have a great example about how it should go about dealing with the same issue in that country. I think that everyone in the world should stop being so enveloped in their own country's affairs and look to other countries for guidance especially when the matter at hand is one that has already found a solution. Therefore, I submit that the Japanese populace should be patient until the time when America finds a good solution on this issue as a whole country, because if just a few states find a solution, that is not really applicable on a nationwide scale.


20 years ago, smoking was cool and in style, but as time passes it becomes not as common as people come to understand the harmful effects and other issues. Nowadays, many people think it is much cooler to not smoke, as they will have a very difficult time to find a significant other if they are a smoker. If you are a non smoker, you can date almost anybody you want to, but if you are a smoker, you can pretty much only date other smokers. This is because nobody likes the taste of an ashy mouth, and even just thinking about that gives me the shivers. Also, smoking is a rather expensive habit, and many smokers waste quite a lot of money on cigarettes or chew. I think the reason that people keep smoking is because of the nicotine, because it is a drug that gives them a high. The ironic thing is that you can achieve a similar high by doing healthy activities like working out which release good chemicals in your brain and body. Perhaps if the Japanese people knew about this they would have a much easier time finding a solution to the smoking problem in restaurants. Please tell them.


I was always taught that smoking is very wrong. Your body is your temple, and harming your body is the same as harming god. However, some people think it is okay to continue smoking even though they are hurting themselves. What's even worse is that they are harming other people too. By being a bad role model, they are condemning their progeny to repeat our mistakes. As we continue to live we should move closer to the Lord Jesus Christ, and I think this is also true for Japanese people. In history class, I learned that many Japanese people are now becoming Christians, and this is a good thing. If they have anything to do with being good Christians, they will work hard to ban smoking in the restaurants because they know it is bad. Next, smoking has simply lost some of the cool factor that it had back when I was a kid. The cause of that, there really is no reason to smoke anymore. It is not cool, it is not healthy, and everyone knows that. The fact that anyone continues to smoke bobbles my mind, and the fact that there are governments who are not willing to ban it in restaurants also boggles my mind.


I think that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in Japan. As I said before, I am very conscientious about my health and my fitness, and smoking has absolutely no place in my life because of its power to destroy the body. Another thing that many people don't know about is the ability of smoking to destroy the mind. Smokers can become very nervous and fidgety if they do not have their nicotine, and I think this makes them weaker as people. If the only time they can be very cool and collected is when they are smoking a cigarette, they have an enormous disadvantage as compared to people like me who consistently work to become naturally more focused and energetic. Japan has always struck me as a country where the people are very Zen, and so I would think that they're not particularly keen on tobacco use. But at the end of the day I don't really know. Therefore, if the Japanese people would like to be like me and would like to become more conscientious and better to their health, they should ban smoking at the restaurants in order to achieve this goal. If they can do that, they will take a step towards being more healthy as a country.


As you might have guessed from my other response, my mother is very protective of me, so smoking has always been a taboo subject in my household. One time I even just had a stupid Marlboro hat, and she was mad at me for a long time simply for having something that was related to cigarettes. I think that there are just as many Japanese moms out there who are very protective like my own, and they hate to see the fact that smoking is allowed in restaurants because they know how bad it is for their children. Also, they do not want their children to get involved in an activity that might lead to worse things such as drinking and gambling or even hard drugs. Although I do not appreciate my mother is strict control of me, I realize that she has my best interests in mind, and if the Japanese mothers have the best interests of their children in mind as well, they should seek to make this a more discussed issue so that they can ban smoking in the restaurants very soon. I hope that if I am never lucky enough to go to Japan that I did not have to worry about whether are not the restaurants are smoky.


As with my last response, I feel that it is much easier to rely on numbers than it is to make qualitative arguments that have no real basis. I have to admit that I am not as well educated on the subject of smoking and I have not recently read any news about the subject, but I would venture to say that an overwhelming majority of people think that smoking should be banned in restaurants. That's it. No more discussion. We live in a democratic society, and I am not sure if Japan as a democratic society as well, but if the majority of people there think smoking should be banned in restaurants too, then they should just do it. By living in a democratic society, we have agreed to support the idea that the majority rules. One thing that makes this difficult, however, is that most democratic societies also put a strong emphasis on freedom of speech and action. No one should be persecuted for their beliefs or for their actions, and so in some ways it is difficult to approach this object in a completely satisfactory way. Nonetheless, if the majority of Japanese people think that smoking should be banned in restaurants, it should.


Where is this question coming from? Why should it be up to me whether or not the Japanese people would like to smoke in their restaurants? I do know that the same issue came up when I was a teenager about 10 years ago, and they decided to pass legislation to ban smoking in restaurants and make it so that you can only smoke 20 feet from the entrance. I have to admit that at the time I was a smoker and I was very disgruntled by the fact that they passed this legislation, but I also have to admit that has been pretty easy to get used to this and other smokers I have talked to you have felt the same way. It was kind of a shock to me to hear about how about secondhand smoke is for other people, so once I know about that, I wanted to make sure that I was as conscientious as possible in my smoking habits so that I was not creating a problem for anyone other than myself. One of these days if I'm lucky enough to be strong enough, I will be able to quit smoking, and I feel like that should be the ultimate goal for any individual or for any governmental group.


The most important thing is not to ban smoking in restaurants in Japan. The most important thing is to ban smoking at all public places. If they do not do this, everyone's health will be endangered. I had to watch several of my older relatives die as a result of lung cancer, and it was very sad. I really hope that no one else has to see something like that. The only way to insure that is to do more than simply banning smoking in restaurants. The only way to do that is to ban smoking period. It will take a lot of work to do that because a lot of people like to smoke a whole lot. They have a very hard time quitting, and so it will be difficult to ban smoking. But with any luck, we can do so in the next hundred years at the most. If we can do this in the U. S., it will set a great example for other countries. At that time, if smoking is still allowed in Japanese restaurants, they will probably decide to ban it there too. That's because a lot of countries like to follow the U. S. when it comes to stuff like this.


Since I work in a restaurant, I feel I have a great perspective to offer on this situation. Personally, I find it very offensive when our patrons decide to smoke in the restaurant. It is not actually illegal, but I do think it has a negative impact on the restaurant and our image as a professional and caring workplace. Also, there are a lot of kids that eat at our restaurant, and they should not have to deal with the cigarette smoke at such a young age. It is much easier for them to get sick and to have their health harmed badly by the cigarette smoke, but also, we have to work for a long time in the restaurant every day, so if it is smoky, that can really make your head ache and drain your energy. I hope that one day someone will ban smoking officially at my restaurants. And although I don't know much about the situation in Japan, I will definitely decide not to go there to work at a restaurant until they get this issue figured out and they can guarantee me that I will not have to work in a dirty environment. As a cook, I do feel that smoking should be banned in restaurants.


Smoking is a very harmful habit, and as such, they should not allow it to happen at any place is that are public like restaurants. This is to say that I agree with this statement that they should ban smoking at restaurants in Japan. One problem they will face is that many restaurants sell cigarettes and make part of their profit from doing that, so the restaurants may be unwilling to ban smoking because they will be giving up some money. The tobacco companies who have investments in the restaurants will also be similarly unhappy because they do not want to see their profits evaporate. However, I think that human health is much more important than money, and so no matter how much money may be lost by the decision to ban smoking in restaurants, it should be banned as soon as possible. The longer we allow this to continue the harder it will be to eventually get rid of it, and there is no way that it will stay around forever. Why not just take the plunge now and do what we should've done a long time ago throughout the entire world. Japan could be the first country in the world to make a statement by banning smoking at restaurants as a nation, and if they do so, many other nations are likely to follow suit.


Smoking can cause many health problems such as lung cancer, heart disease, and emphysema. Accordingly, it should not be allowed in restaurants especially ones where there are many children present. I recently read a study in which it was shown that many smokers simply decided to quit after smoking was banned in restaurants, and I think this situation would hold true for Japan as well, so it may be beneficial for the health of their people as a whole if they would ban smoking in their restaurants. That study also showed that heart disease was reduced by 5% in the five years after smoking was banned at the restaurants in that state. With this direct an obvious link between banning smoking in restaurants in increased levels of health in the populace, I don't see how there can be any other outcome than that smoking will eventually be banned in restaurants. So why don't nations and governments take the plunge and go ahead and get it over with because there's just no way that smoking will be allowed in restaurants forever. Having smoking and nonsmoking areas does not adequately address the problem, and the only way to fully address the problem is to just ban smoking altogether.


Smoking should definitely be banned at restaurants. Several countries in the world such as Italy and Ireland have already banned smoking on a nationwide basis, and I feel that this sends a good message about their country to the world. The message is that their government cares about the health of their people, and they care about the health of nonsmokers. Continuing to allow smoking in public places like restaurants only shows a backwards thinking and otherwise primitive culture in that country, and I don't feel that this is consistent with Japan's goals as a world leader and the third largest economy in the world. With such a large economy, it is easy to offset the negative affects that a smoking ban in restaurants may have, and also, a smoking ban in restaurants may have the unexpected affect that business will increase as a result of the increase in customers who now feel comfortable eating out at the restaurants. Next, no one should have to see a family or friend go through a terrible period of hospitalization and a prolonged and miserable last few years. Children should be able to watch their parents grow old, just as their parents would like to watch the children grow old with them.


Smoking should be banned at restaurants. I work at a restaurant, and as fate would have it smoking was banned only one year ago while I was still working there. Since this change occurred, our restaurant has become much cleaner. We have a piano in our restaurant, and since smoking has been banned, the piano does not need to be tuned as frequently, which is actually quite terrifying because if the air was so dirty that it would cause a piano to go out of tune, I really hope that my own body has not gone out of tune. Also, my bosses told me that since smoking was banned business has actually increased. I'm not sure I fully understand the reasons for this, but he told me that more families are visiting because our restaurants as a good image in the town now. When families go to restaurants, they usually spend around $50 or $60 for a family of four. On the other hand, when smokers go to a restaurant they usually only go by themselves or with one friend, in that is only about $30. The math certainly makes sense, and it shows that even if only the same number of families comes as smokers, we can almost double our profits.


It is a very good idea to ban smoking at the restaurants in Japan. Smoking was banned at the restaurants in my state a while ago, and it has brought with it many good changes. For example, the food has become much more delicious at the restaurants because you do not have to smell cigarette smoke which interferes with the taste of the food. Next, a lot of my friends have decided to quit smoking since smoking was banned at the restaurants, and I am very happy that they finally found a motivation to give up this filthy habit. I think that is smoking was banned at all the restaurants in Japan, all of the same positive benefits that I am seeing would come there as well, and the Japanese would be very happy to see them. Also, I would venture to guess that restaurants staff has become much more healthy as a result of this ban because they are not forced to work in a condition that is harmful to their health. It is also illegal to force people to work in a condition that is harmful to their health, so banning smoking in restaurants is actually already kind of a part of the law.


I agree with this statement that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in Japan. I don't think that they should allow smokers to smoke in their restaurants because it is very bad not only for the smokers but for all the other people in the restaurant as well as including the other customers as well as the restaurant workers. If they continue to allow smoking to take place in the restaurants, it will be hard to ban it later, and they will also have some problems in the meantime while it is still legal. Smokers who want to enjoy a cigarette with their meal should accept that they should have to do so in the confines of their own home where they will not harm anyone else. Next, smokers can do themselves a favor by quitting because not only will their health improve, they will save a lot of some money that they would have otherwise spend on cigarettes. Even the Japan is very different from the United States, I think that these same rules would apply equally well, in the Japanese restaurants would be equally benefited by banning smoking in the restaurants as many U. S. states have already done.


If smoking is still allowed at the restaurants in Japan, I think it would be better if it is banned sooner rather than later. Many places in the world and in the United States have already banned smoking in restaurants, and I think this is common sense because restaurants are supposed to be public places where anyone can go and enjoy themselves comfortably without having to worry about whether or not their health will be affected. Especially in the U. S., most of the food is already so bad for you that having the extra affect if smoking is almost just like slapping yourself in the face. Nonetheless, many bars continue to allow smoking, and I feel that this is more appropriate because bars are supposed to be places for adults primarily. This does not make it any more pleasant to be in a bar if you are a nonsmoker, but you have to realize that there are many adults there who have many ideas and different lifestyles. A good first step in this situation might be to just banned smoking at the family restaurants in Japan and leave it legal at the bars and other adult opinions.


Yes, I think that smoking should be banned at restaurants in Japan as well as restaurants everywhere. Myself and many of my girlfriends think that smoking is one of the most unattractive things a man can possibly do, so for both of our sakes I think we should just make it easier to not even have to think about that. Also, smoking can cause many forms of cancer as well as causing heart problems and other lung problems which are best avoided if you want to have a full and fulfilling life. Along a similar note, smoking can cause people around you to develop the same problems that they would if they were smokers themselves, and so it is very rude to do something that makes a decision for everyone else as well. I consider myself to be sort of a gourmet individual, and so I have very strong opinions on this issue because cigarette smoke is one of the most unforgettable mistakes a restaurant can make. Any high class restaurant that allows smoking just so they can make a few extra dollars on the bill of the smokers is simply crass. Conclusively, smoking should be banned at all restaurants.


I think that in general it is a good idea to ban smoking at restaurants. I have been around long enough to see many of my friends as well of my older relatives suffer the harmful effects that smoking can bring such as cancer in the worst cases, and just a nasty smoker's cough in other cases. I do not want to see any more of my loved ones suffer these kinds of consequences, and I know that there will be a direct impact upon the health of people with banning smoking at restaurants. I think the Japanese people are smart enough to realize this too, and so they should make haste in passing some kind of law or rule that would ban smoking in their restaurants. If they do this, they will be doing a favor to the current generation as well as to the next generation of citizens, and that is what a government is supposed to do. Finally, we have to remember that everything these days is all about money, and so we will need to find some way for the restaurants and the tobacco companies to keep their profits if we want to ban smoking in restaurants in any short or foreseeable time frame.


I don't know much about restaurants in Japan, but I know that personally I think that smoking should definitely be banned at restaurants in the US. From this perspective, I will make my argument assuming that many people in Japan feel the same way as I do on both sides of this issue. It will be in more important in the coming years to ban smoking in order to eventually cull it out of our cultures. Smoking is kind of an old fashioned thing and it doesn't really have a place in the modern world. I think this because back in the day when smoking was not well understood, many people thought it made you more of a man or sexier to smoke a cigarette, so there was an incentive to smoke a cigarette. However, nowadays, we all know that smoking is very bad for you, and so now there's an incentive to quit smoking if you are a smoker or to not begin smoking in the first place. Banning smoking at restaurants would allow both of these two goals to be achieved, and the sooner smoking is banned in the restaurants, the sooner we can see the end of smoking as a whole.


I don't think that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in Japan. I also don't think that smoking should be banned all the restaurants in the U. S., but it is becoming increasingly common to see United States restaurants ban smoking. This is not fair to the smokers who would like to enjoy themselves just as much as the nonsmokers. The best way to solve this problem is simply to have a smoking section and a nonsmoking section in every restaurant. This is very easy to accomplish and should not cost the restaurants too much money to put into place. If they can do this, both smokers and non smokers can have a good time at any restaurants and not have to worry about the other people. Smokers are inconvenienced just as much by not being able to smoke in restaurants as nonsmokers feel they are when smokers smoke in restaurants. Just like everything, there is a balance to be found, and it will not be acceptable to simply go with the opinion of one group for the other. In today's world, it is necessary to take in the opinions of everybody and find solutions that adequately address everyone's concerns.


I do not think that is fair to ban smoking in restaurants because there are just as many people who would like to smoke as people who do not want to smoke. Of course everyone does know that smoking is bad for your health, but many people weigh the risks and choose to smoke any waves. We are adults and have the right to make decisions for ourselves, and no one should be allowed to par rules on what we can and can't do when it comes to our own bodies. Like many other smokers, I do not want to smoke forever, but for now, I think it is fine and I don't see any reason that I should be prevented from smoking in restaurants after I have a bite to eat. It is very satisfying to have a smoke after a meal, just as a satisfying to have some dessert or a cup of coffee after a meal. One last reason is that smoking is a great way to meet new people. I have met countless people who have asked me for a light or have asked me to bum a smoke, and you can meet some very interesting people if you have cigarettes with you.


Smoking should definitely be banned at all the restaurants in Japan. Many of the United States have banned smoking some years ago, and I think that there are probably a few other countries in the world that have already done so as well. This seems like an obvious thing to do because it is simply not acceptable to allow smokers in restaurants to harm other people. When it comes down to it, at the end of the day that's really all that smoking is. It is just hurting yourself, and it is just hurting other people. There are many other ways to gain whatever benefits smokers feel they have such as relaxation or exercise which can induce a similar pleasant state of mind. Also, smoking is detrimental to all the things in the restaurants. The actual building itself can be harmed by the cigarette smoke; for example, the white walls will begin to turn yellow after some time. The fact that this happens to me is quite revolting, and I would assume that other people probably feel the same way, so it would make sense to ban smoking at restaurants because it will make them cleaner and longer lived. This will save money in construction costs and many other ways, so actually, banning smoking at restaurants would be a profitable move.


I have never been a smoker and I usually don't go to restaurants where I encounter cigarette smoke, so I have to admit that I honestly have not given much thought to this idea. My parents have told me that smoking used to be pretty common in restaurants, and they also told me that it was pretty terrible. If this is true, then I would have to say that the restaurants in Japan should ban smoking, because I'm sure that there are parents just like mine who feel the same way. Also, I do have a few friends who are smokers, and they don't seem to mind that they cannot smoke in restaurants too much. All they have to do is go outside, and often it is nice to get a nice breath of fresh air while you are out there, they say. I really do hope that they will not smoke forever, and I think that banning smoking in restaurants has made at least a little bit of progress in encouraging people to quit smoking. If more countries ban smoking in restaurants, more people will be able to quit smoking, and everyone will become more healthy. I guess that this is a pretty good goal for the next few years.


I would have to say that I agree with this statement that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in Japan, if it is not already been banned by the time I write this. Smoking causes a myriad of problems for health, and some of the common ones are cancer of the mouth and lungs, heart disease, high blood pressure, and difficulty breathing. We have done an in depth study on the human body in a lab class during my pre med school, and it was absolutely terrifying but also incredibly interesting to see just how damaging smoking was to the body's vital systems. The lungs became smaller, less elastic, and full of fluids. The heart became distended, and it could not as effectively push blood throughout the body. The liver began to develop sores as a result of trying to filter out all the harmful chemicals from the blood. It really was almost terrifying to see how much of the body was affected. When you smoke, you are not just hurting your lungs, you are hurting your whole body. So, if these results come to be well published or distributed in some other manner, even though I'm sure the Japanese already know a lot about this kind of thing, it will make a big step towards banning smoking in restaurants a reality.


Usually I just stay away from smoking in general and so I don't have any very strong opinions on the subject, but it is pretty easy to say that from a logical perspective it would be a good idea to ban smoking at restaurants in Japan. This is because of the well known and wide ranging diseases from smoking such as cancer. I feel like it is even almost so bad that you can pretty much guarantee yourself to get cancer if you smoke. I'm sure there are some people that smoke for a long time and have no cancer, but either they will develop cancer in the future or they're very lucky to have extremely strong bodies. Most humans to not have bodies that are that strong, and so smoking can cause serious health problems throughout their life. More than that, however, I think that smoking is a waste of money and time. Not only will smoking shorten your life, but you have to spend valuable minutes each day going outside to smoke. Japanese business people are very busy as I hear it, so, perhaps they can use some of their time more wisely if they quit smoking, and banning smoking at restaurants will also fit right in with this idea.


I was very disappointed to see smoking banned recently in my city, and I think that there would be many disgruntled smokers just like myself if restaurants ban smoking in Japan to. The fact is that we have a right to smoke if we want to. I don't think that this gives us the right to smoke in front of other people though, so I think that we may have to find another solution to the issue. Many nonsmokers complain that separating a restaurant into a smoking and a nonsmoking section is not sufficient to prevent the smell of cigarette smoke from wafting throughout the entire restaurant, and perhaps a better solution would be to establish a better barrier between a smoking and nonsmoking areas or alternatively add some kind of a ventilation system which would clean the air and the nonsmoking section more quickly and more efficiently. I think that a large portion of any restaurants clientele base comes from people who are smokers, and people who are smokers tend to be more loyal to restaurants that treat them well. So, if restaurants do not want to lose some of their profits by excluding part of their client base, they should find a solution that allow smokers to enjoy themselves in the restaurants in addition to the nonsmokers.


I don't think that smoking should be banned at restaurants in Japan. Even in the U. S., I feel that there is a much better solution to the smoking problem although I have to admit that I don't know exactly what it is yet. All I know is that there are some people who will be impacted by the decision to ban smoking in restaurants that would not be happy. The best solution is always a solution which makes both people happy, and in this situation the best solution would be a solution that can make both smokers and nonsmokers happy. Smoking and nonsmoking areas do not seem to be satisfactory because the nonsmokers complain that smoke will still go to their side of the restaurant. Banning smoking in restaurants is not satisfactory to the smokers who would like to enjoy tobacco products during their meal. To them, it is a big part of the dining experience to skillfully choose a good tobacco to have after the meal, at least for smokers who are serious about their tobacco like me. I think that everyone should be patient and allow a little bit more time to pass on this issue before we make any rash decisions that will be difficult to undo. If smoking becomes banned at restaurants, I think that it will probably be much harder for it to become unbanned, so we should take our time and make sure we do everything right the first time.


I agree with the idea that smoking should be banned at restaurants in Japan and I have many reasons for this opinion. First, I think that smoking is very dirty and is very bad for all the people who do it. It would be a nice gift to smokers to give them a good motivation an opportunity to quit smoking, as people who smoke often have a very difficult time quitting on their own due to the addictive effects of nicotine and other chemicals contained within cigarettes. Next, it is not fair to nonsmokers to have to eat in a restaurant that is filled with cigarette smoke because they have to breathe that in and it is worse for their health than it is for the smokers. Secondhand smoke really can kill people, and I did have one friend who grew up in a household in which his parents smoked very heavily, and he had health problems for a long time. Once he moved out of that house, he became much more healthy and vibrant. Smoking is bad for you no matter where you are in the world, so I think that Japan should ban smoking at the restaurants in the same way that the U. S. is beginning to ban smoking at the restaurants here too.


I take health and fitness pretty seriously, so whenever a discussion on smoking or other drug usage comes up, I am often quick to say that people should just treat themselves better and not be so stupid. However, in the past years I have seen that there has been a lot of backlash against restaurants in my hometown that have banned smoking, and I don't really think it is fair. Whether or not it was a good move to ban smoking at the restaurants is already in the past now because these restaurants have lost some of their profit by following the state law to ban smoking in restaurants. Before this happened, many people thought that the restaurants would make even more money if they became cleaner, but it is hard to see the good mom and pop restaurants go under just because they are doing as the government tells them to do. I don't know a lot about Japan, but I do know that if they have local communities that are anything like mine, there will be people who are negatively affected by a ban on smoking in restaurants, and it will be very painful for their fellow citizens to watch them struggle as a result of following orders.


I agree with the given statement that smoking should be banned at the restaurants in Japan. I have seen how harmful smoking can be for everyone who does it, and since smoking has already been banned at the restaurants in my state, I have seen a lot of improvement in the cleanliness and sanitation of public places in general. This goes to show that there will be a direct improvement in the health of the citizens if smoking is banned in restaurants, and if the smoking is banned in other places as well, they will be an even bigger improvement in the health of the average population. Also, many of the restaurants in my area have reported that they have increased their income by banning smoking in the restaurants as they are able to attract a wider base of clients. Even though they have some clients who are smokers that were unhappy to see that smoking was banned, everyone can agree to enjoy the food in the restaurant and save smoking for other locations. If smokers can adapt this easily to a simple ban on smoking in restaurants, I think it is not such a big deal and Japan should go ahead and ban smoking in their restaurants if they feel they need to.


I agree that smoking should be banned all the restaurants in Japan. I recently came back from a study abroad trip in China where I was there for one year. In this time, I saw that many restaurants in China had already banned smoking at restaurants and additionally some of them and made it illegal to smoke at other public places. If you smoke in these public places, you would be given a ticket, and while the fine was not too hefty, it is enough to discourage the average smoker from lighting up in a place where they will get caught. Next, I agree that it is much more healthy for the other people in the restaurants if smoking is banned at the restaurants. It is not right to have to breathe in the secondhand smoke of many smokers around you as the secondhand smoke is much more dangerous than the smoke they are inhaling. Japan and China are similar in many ways even though there are also different in many ways, but I do think that smoking should not be allowed at any restaurants anywhere in the world. It is already 2011, and the fact that smoking is still allowed at many restaurants in the U. S. and apparently at restaurants in Japan is just embarrassing.


Without really knowing much about the culture or the people of Japan, it would be a little ignorant for me to make a statement on this issue that would have any real impact. However, I am comfortable in stating my opinion that smoking is a terrible habit, and I try to avoid smokers in my personal and professional life as much as possible. Is extremely frustrating to work with somebody who has to leave several times throughout the hour to go engage in some activity that is literally killing them by the day, and I do not wish this fate upon even my worst enemies. As one continues their career in college, one expects himself/herself and also the people around them too overall become smarter and better people. Smoking is kind of a curious habit that has remained for reasons I cannot fully understand, but I hope that one day soon we will not have to worry about it anymore. The number of deaths every year from smoking is higher than the number of deaths from car crashes and other accidents combined, and the figures really speak volumes about the choices people are making which have direct influences on their very lives. If I had to say one way or the other, I think it would be better to lean towards the side of caution and just go ahead and ban smoking at the restaurants in Japan.


In my first response, I made the mistake of letting my personal opinion on the matter over ride what really matters which is the opinion of the majority. I believe that the majority of people think that smoking should be banned in restaurants, and if this is true in Japan, then smoking should be banned in restaurants there too. Many people probably believe that smoking should be banned at restaurants due to the numerous health concerns that accompany smoking in any location. Smoking is directly related to cancer, and the number of deaths each year as a result of tobacco use is nothing less than staggering. Furthermore, it is a matter of simple respect to behave yourself in a restaurant and not do things that will cause a problem for the other customers. This goes not only for smoking but for talking too loudly, being rude to the restaurants staff, etc. For the record, I would like to state that I do not personally believe it is appropriate to ban smoking at restaurants anywhere. This is because smokers have just as much a right to be there as anyone else, but I do think there's a problem with smokers that smoke in restaurants that are more oriented towards families. In conclusion, the people as a majority will decide whether or not the restaurants should ban smoking in Japan.


Smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. Second hand smoke is a known carcinogen and detrimental to the health of all who inhale it. To allow smoking in restaurants, or in any public space for that matter, is to wilfully allow harm to come to all those within that space   smokers and non smokers alike. Citizens must have the right to a safe environment in which to enjoy a meal or to work or to live. Smoking in restaurants cannot stand if Japan is to respect the rights of its citizens. This does not mean that Japan is to ban smoking wholesale; it remains a right in liberal societies for individuals to choose to expose themselves to risk within limits. However, this individual right to expose oneself to risk cannot supersede the collective right to safety of all citizens within a given public space. The freedom of individuals or groups of individuals to smoke within a non public space, say on privately owned property, is not affected or contested. Although some workarounds have been proposed, one cannot assume that only smokers will be present within a given public space. Even if Japan were to mandate the use of separately ventilated smoking rooms in order to segregate smokers and non smokers, this would only potentially protect patrons of the restaurant. Staff who service the smoking rooms would still be harmed by exposure to the smoke. To hire only smokers to service the rooms would be tantamount to promoting discriminatory hiring policies. Asking for employee consent to work in a smoking room would be equally unacceptable as it leads to a choice between livelihood or health. A complete ban on smoking at all restaurants is the only way to avoid these pitfalls.


Smoking should be banned in all restaurants in the country, is a strong but true statement. This statement shows that the government is taking an active role in the health and welfare of the community. Restaurants where smoking is allowed create a toxic environment for their customers, as well as staff members who inhale the fumes all day. It is commonly known that cigarettes cause cancer and it is well known that the damage to the lungs of secondhand smokers is often severe, if not fatal. This law will encourage smokers to smoke outside in open areas or reduce their smoking. The average time spent in a restaurant is one hour. This is a reasonable amount of time for a smoker to smoke beforehand and refrain from smoking while in the restaurant. However If they choose to leave earlier, there will be more seats available to other customers, thus increasing the chances of profit for the restaurant owner. Smoking restrictions are one way for the government to protect itself from future lawsuits due to secondhand smoke. However, the best way to reduce the number of deaths due to smoking is a serious campaign to educate people on the direct impact cigarette smoke has on their lives and the lives of their families. This is especially true for families with children.


I realize that smoking is an unhealthy habit. I smoked for two years and quit smoking about six years ago. My body and mind became much healthier in all ways. Some of the best times to enjoy a cigarette were after a nice dinner at a restaurant and enjoying a cup of coffee. For many people smoking is a pleasure of life. I still go to my favorite restaurants but no longer crave cigarettes after a meal and I really don't like the smell of them but to ban cigarettes in all restaurants would be extreme. Some city governments in the USA have banned smoking in their cities and I'm strongly against this. I believe it should be left up to the restaurant owner to make this decision if the owner wants to have a non smoking area or not. People should have the right to choose, no one is forcing them to go to a smoking restaurant. Banning smoking on airplanes was a good idea because the second hand smoke could linger and it is a necessity for people to travel. You don't have to go to a restaurant. Often, modern ventilation systems are very good. Recently I sat in the smoking area with a smoker and I didn't notice the smoke because of the ventilation system. Giving governments more control and owners less control is the main concern I have. I believe the government should make sure restaurants serve clean food so we don't get sick, yet this is something the consumer should be able to judge. If you see an unclean restaurant do you really want to eat there even though the government says it is alright? Some things are better left up to the consumers to decide on.


I strongly agree with the above statement for a number of obvious reasons. By now we all know the facts regarding second hand smoke and the health risk that it causes to others, especially children and babies. Smokers can no longer ignore the fact that by smoking around others, smokers or non smokers alike, they are endangering everyone's health in that enclosed PUBLIC space. Restaurants and other enclosed public places should be accessible to anyone. By allowing people to smoke there, restaurant owners and smokers themselves are taking the rights of non smokers away. I believe that all people have the right to smoke and have no problem with that. Smokers can still smoke outside (though I do wish they were more careful about where they decided to throw out their cigarette butts!), in their homes, in their cars and in many other public areas. Many restaurants have smoking sections, but they are rarely adequately sectioned off from other areas in the restaurant and the smoke inevitably bothers other patrons. Smokers are becoming a minority with the trend for a healthier public environment on the rise, and it's about time that they realized, or rather that our government made them realize, that they can no longer put other people's health at risk for their own selfish pleasure.


I think smoking should be completely banned in all restaurants in Japan. The reasons are quite simple. First and most important smoking is dangerous to health, secondly, second had smoke is unfair to non smokers and finally, smoking, particularly in restaurants is bad for the taste of food. To talk about the biggest reason, is almost obvious, smoking is well known to cause a variety of dangerous ailments. Smoking is a habit that has caused millions of deaths over the years, and unlike other vices; even in moderation had no health benefits. Smoking is of course a choice which leads me to my second argument. Yes, smoking is legal and people do want to smoke but it shouldn't be forced on non smokers. Heavy smoking populated countries like Ireland, Spain and many states in the US have banned smoking in not only restaurants but all buildings. This means non smokers, get a relief. Second hand smoke is unhealthy and non smokers shouldn't be subjected to the ill effects of smoker's bad habits. Also children entering a family friendly restaurant have no choice where their parents take them. Inhaling smoke in young lungs should never be an option. Finally smoking is bad for food. The taste of food is directly linked to taste and smell. If the environment is filled with smoke, food doesn't taste good. This is not the strongest of arguments for banning smoking in restaurants but ultimately why do people go out to eat? To sample foods to eat in a environment that is safe, and enjoyable. Japan should ban smoking in all restaurants and soon!


There should be total ban on smoking in all public places, including restaurants. Going to restaurants is both a pleasure and a necessary activity for many people. Why should non smokers be subjected to second hand smoking, to its negative effects or to its bad smell if they are in a restaurant enjoying their meals? Why should we allow their pleasure to be spoiled by the selfishness of a smoker puffing smoke into the air? Non smokers have the same basic rights as smokers. These rights should be upheld and respected. It is a proven fact that smoking can cause various maladies; these maladies range from simple problems such as tooth cavities to a far more complicated malady such as lung cancer. We should therefore protect the right and the health of non  smokers. Protecting the non smokers from the dangers of second hand smoke has noticeable financial implications as well. Second  hand smoke exposes the victim to a wide range of diseases resulting from nicotine. A major part of governments' health budget is dedicated to curing smoking related diseases. Once the dangers of second hand smoking are totally abolished, there would be a noticeable decrease in diseases as well as a huge saving in governments' health budgets. It is beyond doubt that there should be a ban on smoking in restaurants.


I completely agree with the statement that smoking should be banned from all restaurants in the country. The reasons for my opinion are as follows: second hand smoke, distinctiveness of Japanese food and social etiquette. I don't smoke but get very irritated when someone at the next table smokes near me while I'm trying to enjoy my meal in a restaurant. Alot of smokers have the habit of blowing the smoke above other peoples heads thinking that it is okay and that it won't affect us. There is nothing worse than inhaling smoke and breath mixed together. The dangers of secondhand smoke have widely been covered by the media around the world. In fact, in many countries, smoking has been completely banned in restaurants, due to the health risks associated with it. Japan has a lot of food that is well known for its distinctiveness, foods such as sushi, tempura, sukiyaki, okonomiyaki and so on. A lot of these foods have a unique taste and are served with a distinct sauce mainly for that particular dish. After smoking a cigarette and then enjoying a carefully prepared dish, I personally don't think that you would be able to taste the full flavor of the meal. I find smokers also tend to have bad manners when I go out with them socially. While walking to a restaurant or bar, they tend to smoke at the same time, and just before we enter they think it is okay to throw the cigarette on the ground or the closest sewer. Some of them also smoke in front of me without asking if it is okay even while I'm still eating. For the above reasons, I agree 100% with the statement.


I agree with this opinion. I have three reasons. First, all non smokers are paying customers and have the right to enjoy their meal in a smoke free environment. It is still unfair to non smokers in restaurants offering a smoking section. If the restaurant is small, you can still smell the smoke. Customers would have a hard time to enjoy the flavour and aroma of the food they are trying to eat. Second, servers could enjoy working without the dangerous effects of second hand smoke. Apparently, if a server worked ten years in a smoking environment, the probability of developing cancer is much higher than a smoker. It would be a shame to leave a workplace with a chronic disease while you were only trying to make a living. Third, restaurateurs could enjoy lower insurance premiums due to less liability from no smoking in the establishments. The probability of a fire due to a customer's negligence is eliminated. Therefore, restaurateurs could have more available funds to operate or promote the establishment. This may begin a trend in other establishments such as bars and nightclubs who may also benefit from lowered insurance premiums. Based on the above reasons, I support the opinion. This is fighting for the rights of non smokers and employees of restaurants.


I agree that smoking should be banned from all the restaurants in the country. The largest and most undisputable reason is that smoking shortens people's lives. It is definitely the largest cause of lung cancer in the world and is a plague on mankind. A substitute habit should be invented for people wanting to relax that will not kill them slowly while polluting the air around them. Sanitary issues are also important to think about since smoke not only stains the smokers teeth, clothes and hair, it stains the walls and must therefore get on the plates, in the food and drinks as well. Air walls, air conditioners and curtains do not completely block out the smoke or smell from the non smoking side of a restaurant. For some extra sensitive people it could make eating at that restaurant impossible. Safety is another reason why smoking should be banned. Lighting fires indoor is one of the most obvious reasons for buildings to burn down, and with the potential for a cigarette butt that has not been full extinguished to find it's way into the trash, onto the floor or perhaps even be doused with a flammable liquid such as Bacardi 151. Hello Mr. Molotov cocktail.


I totally agree with this statement. Before the dangers of smoking were realized, it used to be fashionable and it was glamorized by famous people and actors in Hollywood in the 1960's and even earlier. Lung cancer and other diseases caused by passive smoking are finally being directly related to smoking and secondary smoke or passive smoking. Restaurants are now family venues where children play and as a parent we should not have to worry which restaurant to go to or which one to avoid because if the possibility of smoking in the restaurant. I am a non smoker so I don't want to breathe in someone else's poison just because they want to light up a cigarette inside. The hospitals in the UK are now treating many cases of cancer of smoking related diseases and it is the tax payer who has to pay for this. Why should my taxes help to pay for people who want to smoke? Not only is it an unpleasant hobby but it is also a deadly one. I do not want to be a part of those cancer statistics just because people are addicted to a filthy habit. I see smoking as a waste of time and very anti social. Governments should take responsibility for this problem and protect the majority of the population who do not smoke.


Tobacco is the most insidious product ever invented. When Walter Raleigh first introduced this aromatic leaf to customers in the Olde Worlde, did he imagine the hacking horrors soon to be manifested among its gin soaked populace? I think not. And yet there remain those among us convinced that their personal right to commit attenuated suicide includes the corresponding right to harness their innocent neighbours to iron lungs and other breathing apparatus at some distant future. Restaurants are places that promote comfortable dining among friends and family. Visiting them is a long established social custom. But countless medical studies have shown the dangers associated with inhaling expelled tobacco smoke in close quarters. And so this question must be asked: What of the children? It's bad enough that Granny's emphysema attacks worsen with every Sunday brunch, as clouds of noxious fumes from nearby tables create a deadly nimbus of toxic pollution above those hennaed waves of hair. What of the infant, his life irremediably shortened with each contaminated breath he takes. There are over four hundred discrete chemical agents to be found in the exhaust of a burning cigarette, each of which is capable of rendering a healthy male comatose, sufficiently dosed. Taken together, they represent an assault on the human physique worse than anything seen in the trenches of Verdun during World War I. This is more than a health issue. This is a human rights issue! Ban smoking in restaurants everywhere, around the world.


Smoking should not be completely banned at all restaurants in the country. Smoking is a privilege, though it often seems to be mistaken for a crime. Within a liberal and democratic society, individuals have the right to decide for themselves what is or is not acceptably harmful to their health. They do not, however, have the right to individually choose what is acceptably harmful to others. As such, the choice to smoke and potentially harm oneself should not affect others in a detrimental manner. There are ways to achieve this end without the complete prohibition of smoking at Japanese restaurants. One viable option is to mandate the use of separately ventilated smoking rooms. In so doing, the hazards of smoking would be effectively confined to those patrons who consent to them. Yet, this does not address the issue of employee exposure to smoke. A simple solution to this problem would be to hire staff who also smoke to service the smoking rooms. Such recruitment would not necessarily constitute a dubious hiring practice. This would only be the case if smokers were hired exclusively for all positions or if second hand smoke inhalation was stipulated as a work requirement for all staff. Hiring a smoking room waiter or waitress on the condition that they already smoke is not much different from stipulating that a motorcycle stuntman be able to ride a motorcycle. Both jobs carry an associated risk and both require a specific qualification on the part of the candidate. To require the respective qualifications is not discrimination, but a means to assess one's ability to accept the inherent risks.


The statement that smoking should be banned in all restaurants is a good policy in theory, but in reality there are many people who go to restaurants to enjoy smoking and drinking while eating. Theses people make up a significant customer base for the food and beverage industry. I think that what law makers should do is pass the responsibility of protecting nonsmoking customers onto the restaurant owners. One way to do this is by charging higher taxes to restaurants with poor ventilation systems or without a barrier separation between smoking and nonsmoking sections. I believe that if the restaurant has taken reasonable steps to separate the smokers from non smokers, then they have done their job to make sure that all customers have a comfortable dining experience. Instead of banning smoking, another way to stem the smoking vs. nonsmoking controversy is to increase in the number of non smoking restaurants and cafes. At this time many popular cafes, such as Starbucks have had tremendous success with promoting a smoke free environment inside the cafe. As the nonsmoking culture becomes increasingly popular, smokers will find a ways to curb their smoking appetites while dining. Overall, the best way to solve this situation is to give customers a choice.


Recently more evidence has proven that second hand smoke can cause cancer. It is a very unhealthy feeling to enter a restaurant ready to eat a delicious healthy meal only to be disappointed by the smell of unhealthy cigarette smoke, just the smell of cigarette smoke in a restaurant makes me feel nauseas. Smoking in a closed area even if the restaurant has a no smoking area is still a problem. The smoke still lingers to the no smoking area. Some restaurants don't have non smoking areas and after leaving the restaurant my clothes smell like cigarettes. This is not a good feeling for me. Making a law which bans smoking in restaurants is a very good idea because this would allow everybody to enjoy various foods offered in the community and also allows teenagers and children to go to the restaurants without having to breathe second hand smoke. Starbucks is a good example of a smoke free coffee shop and this image has made them very popular. Their policy is to smoke outside which I feel other restaurant should follow. Smoking these days is a very unhealthy habit and more people are against the fact of smoking than for smoking. Restaurants could have more business if they offered a smoke free environment. Most smokers crave a cigarette after a meal but which is important, a nice cooked meal in a beautiful restaurant or smoking a cigarette. I think the meal. These bans put on smoking will eventually lead people to quit because they don't want to bother with all the hassles. As they realize that many areas now don't allow smoking many people are inclined to cut back on the number of cigarettes they smoke, thus leading to a healthier lifestyle for smokers and non smokers alike.


I disagree with the opinion that smoking should be completely banned from all restaurants in the country. Why do I hold such an opinion in today's age of scientific proof that so clearly shows how harmful second hand smoke is to others? First of all, I think that restaurant owners should have the same rights as home owners and be able to allow whomever they wish into their stores. If I want to allow someone to smoke in my house, I can. If you don't like the smoke, then you are free to leave. That same freedom should apply to the people that have paid their hard earned money to buy and set up their own business. Secondly, there are thousands of restaurants out there that cater to the many tastes, desires and needs of a very picky public. How is a restaurant that caters to the smoker crowd any different? Smoking in a public place like a bank or work office is clearly a different matter and I agree that smoking should be banned in these areas. However, restaurants are privately owned establishments and are not providing a necessary public service at a location which we must visit. This gives us the choice or the freedom to enter or not enter and gives the restaurant owners the freedom to operate their establishments as smoking, which I do believe is still legal, or non smoking. Nobody's rights are being violated as long as we all still have a choice. Banning smoking in all restaurants is clearly such a violation.


Smoking in restaurants should be allowed for the following reasons: First, smoking is legal in Japan, second smoking and food and drinks go hand in hand, and third, smoking should be left to the businesses. This is a free country and the choice of smoking should be left to the employer or establishment. First and quite elementary, until smoking is illegal, we should continue to allow smoking in all restaurants. Smokers pay high taxes on cigarettes and Japan reaps the benefits. Why take away that right. Smoking is not dangerous like drinking a driving. Smoking is a way to relax which leads into my next point. Smoking is a part of the food culture. We eat, drink and smoke. It's a package that smokers find enjoyable. Its social, it part of eating to many people. If a non smoker doesn't like it, he/she can find a non smoking restaurant. Let the market decide. There are many vices in the world, but if its legal, it should be allowed. It's hypocritical for a country to allow one to buy a product but not allow one to use it? The free market should in the end dictate how many restaurants allow smoking. The establishment is trying to make a fair living. If smoking is banned, many smokers will choose their home or a bar to eat in and then we will be taking money away from hard working restaurant owner and the workers. In the end, if smoking is legal it should be allowed.


Smoking must be allowed in restaurants. Smokers have the same basic rights as non smokers; to deny smokers the right to smoke is to deny their basic human right. In addition, by denying smokers their right to smoke, we are denying them their basic needs; nicotine is addictive, and smokers need to smoke to satisfy a physical craving. So far, I don't think there has been any effort denying fat people entry to McDonald's restaurants, why treat the smokers this way? Society cannot dictate what is good or bad, and it cannot enforce those standards and rules on individuals. Rather, society must facilitate and accommodate the needs of all groups; smokers and non smokers. Restaurants already provide two completely separated and insulated areas, one for smokers and one for non smokers. Failing to recognize the needs and the rights of the two camps can be very costly for restaurants, in particular; they lose clientele from both groups. If anything, it is those who are supporting such drastic restrictions on personal freedoms who need help: societies thrive when variety and tolerance are present, they wither and fall apart without these. Clearly, restaurants are places where customers want to enjoy their time; let us make them available to both smokers and non smokers alike. Let both smokers and non smokers enjoy their meals.


I would disagree with the above statement for the following reasons: Loss of income for restaurant owners and the rights of smokers. If smoking was to be banned in all restaurants in Japan, it would have a major impact on many businesses which would lead to some of them closing down. I have read that Japan has impressive statistics with the number of restaurants in the country; there is a restaurant for every group of 85 people. Some argue that it is okay to partition off a restaurant into smoking and non smoking areas, however a lot of restaurants are too small to be able to achieve this. In some countries of Europe, a smoking ban was enforced in restaurants and bars. One year later, it was widely reported that many businesses had suffered due to the ban. Without a doubt it will have the same effect here in Japan. Recently in Japan, the rights of smokers have diminished in many places around the country. JR West railways has allowed smoking at only selected areas of the platform, a city ward in Tokyo has completely banned smoking within its boundary, Midosuji Boulevard from Yodoyabashi to Honmachi is strictly non smoking and many offices now ban smoking within the building. If restaurants are included in this ban, I'm sure that many small restaurant owners in order for them to survive will turn a blind eye to their customers smoking and risk breaking the law.


I disagree with this opinion. I have three opinions. First, if smoking is banned in all restaurants this may begin a trend in other establishments such as bars and nightclubs. Eventually retailers would follow the trend to ban smoking in shopping malls. Shoppers could also enjoy a smoke free shopping experience. Franchises and larger operations may be able to survive the decline in business. However, the small restaurateur would struggle with the lost sales from smokers. The restaurant industry would suffer not only from local business but could also lose business from tourists. Second, business tax revenue for the government would be reduced due to slow business. Small restaurateurs would be forced to close their businesses. Some would even go bankrupt by attempting to turn the business around. The government would need to offer incentives for restaurateurs to remain in business. Third, the casualty insurance industry would also profit less due to lower premiums. Many small insurance brokers serving the commercial business community would suffer from lower profits. A non smoking establishment would have zero probability of a fire due to smoking. Therefore, there would be less liability from customer negligence. Based on the above reasons, I am against the opinion. This is supporting the business community.


I disagree that smoking should be banned from all restaurants in the country. Firstly, it is not illegal to smoke cigarettes. These days the places allotted for cigarette smoking is being reduced all the time. Even smoking outside is banned in some areas leaving people who want a smoke with nowhere to go. Since smoking is an addiction and people are going to smoke one way or another, it is better to designate an area for people with similar tastes rather than to force them to take drastic measures. A restaurant that banned smoking would find cigarettes blocking up their bathroom toilets with the smell of smoke there as well. Since both non smokers and smokers both use the bathroom there is a chance of losing the non smoking patrons due to stinky bathrooms. Secondly, smoking is one of the last good population control tools legally permitted and actually advertized. With global warming and world over population and with the advances in medical technology, if we don't leave a few deadly vices for people to do themselves in with, we may find ourselves going to restaurants and not finding any food left. So build a wall, put in a glass partition and let the cool people have their smoked dinners.


I disagree with this statement. One of the main reasons is because it creates billions of revenue for the government that can be then recycled and used to restore old buildings or some other areas of need in our cities. If smokers are not allowed to smoke in restaurants then it will stop a lot of the single people and groups of people without children from going there. They will find other places to go to and so the restaurant business and culture will be affected. Smoking brings people together and is a very sociable habit. It creates friendships and brings people together. People should be allowed to do what they like when they like as long as it doesn't harm others. There is no hard evidence that smoking causes lung cancer or any other diseases. It is just non smokers who have made up this phenomenon to create controversy. I am yet to see any real evidence linking the two together. Cigarettes now have filters and are not so strong compared to before when no filters were used. People should stop complaining so much and get on with their own lives. Also, most restaurants have adequate air conditioners and so the smoke is quickly taken out of the room and therefore doesn't annoy any other visitors there. When you enter a restaurant it doesn't smell of cigarettes so that is the proof that it is not affecting the air or making the furniture smell of smoke. Smokers should be allowed their freedom to smoke where they want.


People who object to smoking in restaurants are closet totalitarians; or they are unthinking sheep only too happy to bend a knee before any other garlic breathed madman waving a manifesto about his unkempt hair. This policy has very little to do with health and everything to do with crushing or corralling every little freedom that remains. Passive smoking is no more a danger to the average person than drinking tap water or eating fruit sprayed with pesticides. One is far more likely to be vaporized by a passing Predator drone than succumb to cancer as the result of inhaling used cigarette smoke. Indeed, studies show that nicotine, one of the more salubrious ingredients in tobacco, not only sharpens the faculties when inhaled, it helps delay the onset of senility (except among Reds, who are notoriously crazy to begin with and should be avoided at all costs). Alzheimers robs those afflicted of many years of productivity and worth to society. Anything that can forestall its hideous advance should be celebrated, not denounced by professional fear mongers as some kind of health hazard. Besides, as anyone who has enjoyed a fine Montecristo cigar will attest, smoking is one of the grander pleasures in life. And smoking, whether cigarette, cigar or pipe, after an expensive meal and in the company of a beautiful woman, is one of the more exquisite experiences one can have on this benighted planet. That some whingeing killjoy nearby objects to the heavenly result of lighting up a fat Cuban and taking in that rich, comforting flavour is of no consequence in the greater scheme of things. Indeed, it is entirely likely the bitter old crone complaining about those magnificent blue wreaths settling over the crockery has never enjoyed a single moment of pleasure in her entire loveless life.


