I agree with the preceding statement. Because, I think that college students need a lot of money. I have two reasons for it. First, They should buy as many as books and read them. They can study a lot of things from the many books. If they go to the library, they can read the many books, but they are forbidden writing in the books of library. I think writing in the books for studying is very important. Therefore, college students need much money to buy a lot of books. Second, they need to make many friends. To make a friend, they will belong to a club. On the club activities, they will need much money. If they get friend, they enjoy eating and drinking with their friends. In summer vacation, they will plan to have a trip in overseas. I think college students need to studying and playing. A part time job gives them not only the money but also the wonderful experiences. It is the very precious things that working in the society, and finding the various things. For example, they feel the importance for responsible for them work and difficulty with getting a money. I think college students should have a part time job, and study a lot of things.


I agree with it. I have three reasons to support my answer. Firstly, I think we should have a part time job to learn how work before employed in a company. We go to a university to learn many things before employed and we have much time to do something after classes. We can choose whether we have a part time job to learn how work or not. So we should have it. Secondly, I suppose we should know how hard earning is. I had not known that earning money to live is really hard since I have had part time job. And I could thank my parents. I think it is important for us to know how hard earning and thank parents. Thirdly, we can use payments of part time job to do many things for experiences. As I said we have much time in a university. And we can do something for ourselves by using payments of part time job. For example, we can go travel and see the world, buy books, organize a student conference and so on. I think that experiences will help us after graduate. So I agree that is important for college students to have a part time job. Because we can learn how work, we can know how hard earning is and we can get good experiences thanks to part time job.


I disagree with that. To be sure, to have a part time to live is vital for college students. But it isn't good to earn money to play. Generally speaking, college students have more free time than high school students and junior high school students. And how to use their time all depends on them. Many college students spend a lot of time working part time because they need to earn money to play with friends. Making many friends in college is good, however, and studying is also important. In college, there are many things to do for them, for example, taking part in an internship, a club, a seminar, and so on. So, college students should challenge actively what they can do only in college. By challenging a lot, they are able to their best with confidence when they work in the future. Wages of a part time job are very low generally, and working part time is very tiring for college students. So, it costs them much time and effort to get money in working part time. As a result, they can't often concentrate on a class and study for a test in college often. It is not good for them. Therefore, I don't think that it is important for college students to have a part time job.


I agree that college students have a part time job. There are five reasons to support my opinion. Firstly, by doing part time job, they can find earning money very hard. So, they use their money seriously. And the college students have much time. So if they want travel abroad, they can make money by doing part time job for their own. Planning how to use money is helpful when they begin to work. Secondly, if they do a part time job, they can meet people of variety generation, from children to senior adults. So they can know various people's way of thinking. Thirdly, the harder they do a part time job, the more evaluated they are. For example, their salary per hour is maybe up. Fourthly, by doing many kinds of part time job, they can know their suitable future job such as teaching children, or serve customs in shops, and so on. In fact, I have a lot of friends who want to become teachers. And they teach junior high school students studying. Lastly, they have responsibility for their job. It is an important thing when they work. As above, they can know society's basic rules. This is why I agree that college students have a part time job.


I agree with the statement. There are three reasons. First, college students need a lot of money. They must pay money to college. And it needs to buy cloths, and to eat, drink in order to be friendly. They should not have their parents to pay a lot for them. They should pay the costs by themselves. So they should have a part time job. Second, they can make friends when they work. To work together, they will become friendly. It is very good to have many friends. For example, when he or she has a problem, he or she can want the friends to advice. Their advice might be different from college friends. It is important to hear many kinds of advice. Finally, it is able to practice for their job in future to have a part time job. If they have not have a part time job, they don't know what kind of job is good for them. To have a part time job is good chance to notice them. Some people might say that they can study more if they don't have that. It is true. However, I think it is more important to have that. They will be good person. It is why I agree with the statement.


I agree the statement which it is important for college students to have a part time job. Because I think college students have skills of work in adult's society. Today, part time jobs have spread of many parts of industry and become important role of these parts. Many companies want young people to work as part time jobs so we who are college students, young man or girls, have more chance which we can have many experience of hard things in work in adult's society. If we have real experiences but non real experiences which are heard, listened, talked, we will can get a good road of our future life. For example, I am working in Kobetsukan, a private school to be teached like in a formal school, as a part time worker. That is my first job as a job to make money and teaches myself what I am realized as a worker in adult society. In the private school, I am called NARUSAWA Teacher and students see me as a professional teacher, but I cannot judge this is true or not. When I was seen as a professional worker, I could know the mean to work in the adult society. It is I have to play a role as the character other people expect me to. That I knew the mean is the biggest mean for working as a part time job.


I agree with this idea I think college students should have some part time jobs. I also think they should study hard while they are students. They must live well between part time jobs and study. This is not because college students need much money. If they have a part time job, they have many friends and meet many types of a way of thinking. I think there are two types of a part time job. First one is a job in juku. If you do a part time job in juku, you must have your own student. You have to study too. Your knowledge which you study before is useful. Second one is a job in stores. If you work as a shop clerk, you must communicate with a lot of customers. Your communication ability will make progress. You will have much responsibility. It is hard to continue a part time job. But the very responsibility is needed in society. You will have to have responsibility in everything you do when you become adult. If you have a part time job, your sight will be wide. Before you start life in society, you should practice to communicate with many other people and know how to survive in the society.


I disagree with this opinion. I think part time job is not need for college students. First, college student must study hard. It is very important for college student to study. I think that student is the man who studies academic or is educated not works. If student thinks that study is had finished, it is wrong. Study is not limited. Second, I think that college student who is working a part time job now or not will graduate and be working at least about four years later. After all, college student will have to work. So, now college student should not work. Third, working is very hard and spent a lot of times. A man said the one hour for college or university student values the ten years for old man. Actually, the period which is spend in college or university is very important. Student must spend this time seriously. Fourth, there are a lot of thing for student to do, except study. The club activity may raise up college student. It teaches a lot of thing which is not gotten in education. College student should spend many time in them, not working. I think part time job is not need for college student.


I think it is important for college students to have a part time job. I have three reasons. First, if students have a part time job, they can know how they work in society. they will have to work when they graduate their colleges. So I think they should have time to prepare for working in society. Second, If they work in various situations, they will learn how they communicate with people. College students should experience various situations. Third, college students need a lot of money when they graduate their colleges. So they must earn some money to use then. I think it is too late for them to earn money when they become emploees. Because most college students are adults, they should earn their own money. However, the most thing they should do is study. College students should have enough time to study. It is useless for them to have no time for study because of working too hard. College students don't have to earn too much money. So I think they should work on summer vacation, winter vacation, etc. If they experience working, it make their life more valuable thing.


I agree with this statement, because having a part time job is very important to learn our society. My opinion is that it is important for high school students to study many subjects, which is Math, English, Science, Japanese, Society, etc. Therefore high school students should not work a part time job. But college students must work after graduating a college, so while they are college students they should learn about the work. So I think they should have a part time job. They have a part time job and they get some money. To addition they can learn the hardness and the important to get some money. By getting some money they can move a wide area and go to abroad to learn much knowledge which is the country's culture, its play, its language and its clothes etc. But they must not work too much, so their object is to learn much technical knowledge. I think they should not work more than four times a week. Because working four times a week is more than half of a week. My conclusion is that college student should have a part time job, but their most thing to do are studying, so they must not work too much.


I think that it is important for college students to have a part time job. It is true that there are some bad aspects to have a part time job for college students, for example, we use a lot of time for part time job so we don't study or we sleep in the class. But there are more good aspects to have a part time job. I raise three reasons that I think so. First, we can know how difficult to earn money and how important money is. Many of us are depend on our parents in terms of economy, so we don't know how difficult to earn money. Having a part time job tells us how difficult. And understanding it leads us to respect our parents. Second, we can get new skills that we can't get at college. I think having a lot of skills, even if it seems that those skills are not important; will be useful in the future. Third, we get the opportunity to talk with adults to do a part time job. We can get a lot of information and knowledge. I think a lot of knowledge leads us happy. In conclusion, I think it is important for college students to have a part time job. Because we can know difficulty to earn money and can get new skills and get opportunity to talk with adults.


I think it is important for college students to have a part time job. I have some reasons for it. First, they can learn some social manners by it. Second, they can learn the ability of communication through it. Third, they can understand how hard it is to get some money. The social manners and the ability of communication they learn from it help them when they graduate their college and get their job. The understanding of difficulty of getting some money will make them to thank their parents. Finally college students need a lot of money. For example they need money when they go lunch with their club members or they go shopping. They have to make money by themselves for their enjoyment. Therefore I think a part time job is important for them. In fact, I will start a part time job next month. The reasons why I start it is also the above some reasons. Especially I would like to learn the ability of communication and I would like to understand how hard it is to get some money. And I want to use the money I get for shopping. People who disagree to the statement may think that students only have to study hard. But studying on the desk can not teach them some social manners or importance of money. There are many things which are learned only by working.


I think a part time job is important for college students occasionally. There are three reasons that I thought. First, a part time job is important for students who independent to their parents such as me! I am living in Nagoya alone. And I have no money. So, I don't afford to buy magazine, comic, etc. and I can't go to shopping, karaoke, and trip with my friends. I think money is important to enjoy college life. Second, I sometimes think a part time job isn't need for us. Because, there are some students who work too hard and don't study hard. We are college students and aren't college fleeter ! So we should study hard in college life. And we should get special careers that we cannot get except for college life! However, there are some careers that we only get at a part time job. This is the third reason. For example, greeting is especially and important skill. Because greeting is needed about business and communication, but many college students including me are not good at greeting. A part time job makes us well about it. That is why I think a part time job is important, but sometimes it is not important.


I think it's important for college students to have part time job. I have two reasons why I think like that. First, I think college students use much money more than in high school such as club activity, the cost of cell phone, trip other country or abroad with good friend and enjoy play something with good friend. There are many things which they want to and must do during passing good college life. So, they need more money which they can spend. I think it's natural for college students to pay own cost which they enjoy with someone. So, if someone think it's not special things because they just to rely on own parents to give increase money which they can spend, I think it's stupid thing. Of cause, even if they have much part time job, they can't pay all things which they spent such as apart cost, food cost and study cost. But they can pay own activity cost, trip cost and etc which they enjoy. I still have part time job because I go to car school now. So, I think I become burden of my parents. Second, they should know the importance of money. Recently almost parents give money more than they need to live comfortable. I think they will forget the importance of money because they spent much money, I white before. For example, if they trip abroad, they will spend about two hundred thousand yen per one time. It's natural for them if they didn't earn money by themselves. I think it's if they earn money own in hard time, they can understand the importance of money. So, we should they have part time job.


I agree that college students have part time jobs. Do we only study in college? No, I don't think that. Of course if you work in part time jobs too hard and don't study in college, it is too bad but part time job in itself is not bad thing, because I will show you why it is. First, you can experience many things that you can't experience in college. For example you can teach math, English and science for high school or junior high school students. In part time job, you can discover your new sides. Second, we can enter new community. For example senior manager will tell you how to communicate customers, also you must tell youngers it too. Finally you will utilize its experiences for your own work in the future. Of course what you have learned in college is the most important to enter a company which you want to enter. But after entering, you may utilize what you have learned in part time job. If you don't have its experiences, you can't cope with many kinds of works or problems, for example how to communicate olds or youngers or solve some accidents which you don't think happens, however if you have it, you can act quickly and flexibly. Part time jobs have these good sides so college students work, if they don't forget to study.


I agree with the opinion. And I have four reasons why I agree with it. First, college students have many things to do, to have to do and to buy. And money is essential for doing those things. If we have money, we can join the some parties and we can meet many interesting persons. If we have money, we can purchase a lot of books which are useful for our studying. Second, by doing a part time job, we can learn many things that we can not experience in college days, and can make friends who learn different category of study. By experiencing new things, we can see the world which I do not know, and we can do new things which I could not do. By making friends, we can share great time with them. Third, to make the place where we can spend time easily is important. If we lose place where we can spend time easily in college, part time job can be oasis. We do not have to adjust ourselves unnatural to the place where we can not be there. Forth, it is the most important, we may be meet a person who marry with me in the future. Consequently, I agree with the opinion.


I agree with this opinion. There are several reasons. First, we can experience how to work. Most of us haven't worked in the high school, so I think we don't know how to speak and how to act in the working place. Thanks for a part time job we can know such things, and we are familiar with working. Second, we can earn money. Needless to say, it is very important for college students to earn money, especially for living alone. We spend a lot of money, so we need as much money as possible. Third, we can make friends. There are many people in the working place, so we can be good terms of them. However, I don't have any part time job now. I'm too busy to have part time job. We college students have a lot of things to do. We should have a driver's license, study hard and club activity and so on. In addition, I'm not familiar with my college, so I am going to have a part time job after summer vacation. I am going to teach junior high school students. How hard for us to have a part time job, we have a job in the future. I think that I can know about myself by having a part time job, and thanks for it, I will find my job in the future.


I disagree with this statement. Because I think that college students are coming to the college to study advanced things that they don't know yet or that they need in the future, so they have to concentrate on studying that they to do. I worry that the part time jobs prevent them from studying at college. I think if they start to do part time jobs, they need more and more time than when they are high school students. Then they probably eliminate the time to study or sleep to do part time jobs. I also think to do part time jobs is good for them from the view of being the members of the society. But as you know less sleeping tires them and makes them sleepy always, but if you are tough guy or girl, it means nothing. If you are sleepy during the lessons at the college, it means nothing to do study at college. I think if they want to study difficult and advanced things that they don't know yet, they need mach time and power to study hard and the time to sleep that keeps them well. In this way, I think to do part time jobs is not so good for college students.


I agree that college students have a part time job. I think that college is not only a place where we study but also where we make humanity. Humanity is made when we have communication. And a part time job is a good chance which we have a communication. So I agree with a part time job. However, there are many kind of part time job. Not all part time jobs have a good effect on us. So we have to choose a part time job carefully. I think that there are three conditions of a good part time job. First is money. Most of us have a part time job to get money. If we can get a lot of money, we will call it a good job. Second is a member of the job. Good communication requires good members. If there are people who don't have humanity, probably you are unwilling to be concerned with him or her. As a result, you can't have communication. Third is detail of the job. It is important that we choose a job that we can use our advantages. For example, People who are good at communication should choose the jobs which have many communications. And it is also good that people who are poor at choose the jobs as a practice. In the end, experiences of a part time job have a good effect on us. So college students should have a part time job.


I agree with this statement. I have some reasons. First, it is important for college students to learn working. Because I think this experience is useful in the future. For example manner and skill. Second, part time job can meet a lot of people. It is different from your college friends. One is fellow worker. You may meet best friend in your life. Or you may get a boyfriend or girlfriend. The other is customer. If you give them a good service, they return smile. But if you give them a bad service, they may be angry. I am sure that these meet are grown your mind. Third it is important for college students to bring salary in the part time job. I think college students need some money. Because college students spend a lot of money to play with friends, to live and so on. And saving the money for the future is important, too. If you bring some money your father or mother, you should stop it. Because you should learn how to use money by yourself. Otherwise you will have trouble in the future. This is why I think it is important for college students to have a part time job.


I agree with the statement that college students have a part time job. Because they are more free than when they were high school students. I think that doing part time job is the best way for them to change free time into useful time and to make money. College student is a part of a baby of working people. So, they have to learn the manner of society, the rule, communication with many people and so on. Then, they experience working in the society such part time job and get used to place of this society. And they feel they could learn a piece of them after that. There are many kinds of part time job. I think that we should do many kinds of part time job for 4 years in college. We can't necessarily do job which we want to do. Many people in the world is faced with this thing. So, I think that we need do many part time job to cope with anything easily. Now, I am a college student and don't have money very much. But, I don't have part time job. So, I want to do part time job in order to get much money and to become a person who is respected in this society.


I agree with the statement. For college students, a part time job is a part of experience of life. I think, through we try new things, include experience of part time jobs, we will understand social systems and learn many ways. For example, ways to treat customers, to cook, to wash dishes, to operate mechanical machines, to work with colleagues, and etc. Thanks to much experience, we will be a member of society. We can grow in a point of society, as if we are tapping a step. Some college students have a part time job, others do not. While, some want to have, others do not want. But I would like to have one. Because of not only that reason, but this one. Trough I experience variety things, I want to know many people each other and get along with many people. So, I will think to tap a step. And want to tap one more step. It will continue forever, since I do not want to try new things. So, I agree with the statement. College students should have one, and they can have variety experience. Probably it is had only in doing a part time job. We can, as college students, enjoy a part time job now. In other words, we can do only now. Maybe, after we graduate from our colleges, we can't enjoy. Because we don't have a space of mind, we will suffer from doing.


I think it is important for college students a part time job. Because I pay the lecture money. And my friends come from their countryside and live near our university. They need much money because they are rented an apartment room, cook for them, buy closes and of course enjoy with everyone. So we must make money. But making money is so difficult. Money per an hour job is different. So we must choose a job that can be made much money by short hours. But I think college students must study and challenge. Homework that teachers of college give is very difficult. And it takes us many hours for finishing it. For example challenge of my class needs courage all night. While it also takes us some hours for making money. Even more we should go driving school. Because when we will graduate the university and start working, we will not have times. And if we have a drivers license, we go anywhere by using our car in school days. So we must use time well. And a part time job is studying sociality. Anytime doing a part time job will be good for myself. College students need much money, so we must have a part time job.


I agree with it. Because we have no money, it is important for us to have a part time job, too. Thanks to the money which is earning by a part time job, our life become rich. If there is not much money which is earning by a part time job, we can not buy things which we want. For example, there are famous shoes or comic books and so on. I also think that having a part time job become studying society. We will be able to learn a lot of things by it. And, we will have a lot of friends by it. I think making many friends is very good. If we have a lot of friends, we get a lot of information which we don't know. In that information, there is the one such as a big news of other college or a lot of rumors. I also think that having a part time job become great advantageous when we interviewing. By having a part time job, we will be able to get a lot of skills. I also heard that my friend's life style was improved by it. Because we can have a lot of merits, I think having a part time job is very good.


I agree with the opinion that a part time job is important for college students. There are three main reasons. First, when they want to do some activities like traveling abroad with friends or members in the same laboratory, making money is one of big problems for them. To stay at their home is one of choice, but people should go anywhere to watch many things when they are young. If their parents are very rich, that is not so important. But the others should find a part time job, work hard and get incomes. Second, when you work for any company, you meet many people including male, female, young and elder, this is also very important point to get a part time job. Almost all college students are young so they don't have many experiences to decide the job they will do in the future. Therefore, they have to learn many things through the working there and hearing stories by a same company staff. In other wards, a part time job is one of preparation for get a job in the near future. Third, when they accomplish some jobs, they will be confident and understand the social systems. This will also help college students get job and do good job in the future.


I agree that it is important for college students to have a part time job, because some of them may need it to earn money for the cost of living and school expenses. So I don't receive remittance from my parents, I intend to do it, too. In addition, we should experience the rule of society. It will link to making new friends except them in our college, and to get used to hierarchy early. It may be useful for employment in future, too. However a part time job has some defect which we must be careful about. If my grade falls because of it, I must consider having it again. For college students, the grade is more important than it, and we must not forget that students' main occupation is study. Students who can't take care of themselves should get a scholarship, or they should not have a part job until they have a stable school life. Therefore I agree that college students have a part time job, but I think that students who don't have a ability that they can take care of themselves should not have it.


Ｉ agree. Because I think a pert time job helps us independent. And a pert time job teaches me any things. About First reason, today almost Japanese student give money for college by parents. And some of them do not think paying money to collage. They do not study at all the time. they are playing. This situation is funny. They should more thinking about what they do in the collage. So, I think part time job chance they think. About second reason, I feel so very much. Pert time job link various people, example young and old. They have owed thinking. We study several ideas. If college students to not have a part time job, they do study? I do not think so. Almost students will be idle. I think they need to have purpose. Example, a man who is an idle student made have a part time job by his parents. He keeps doing. He saved up money. Then he must thinking. About First reason, today almost Japanese student give money for college by parents. And some of them do not think paying money to collage. They do not study at all the time. they are playing. This situation is funny. They should more thinking about what they do in the collage. So, I think part time job chance they think.


I think it is important for college students to have a part time job. Firstly, I thing we had better experience a lot of things during our student life. Part time job is one of it. Please imagine you are a home teacher. You have to step into other people's shoes. Your student may require you to explain matter easy to understand. And you will try. Through the trial and error you will think a matter from different perspective. So, it may help you think something deeply. And you cannot get this experience during you are the student. Next, please imagine you are a café shop clerk. You have to smile every costumer even as you feel low. You can know how to make an artificial smile. It will help you to protect pointless conflict. So, various experiences will let us spend more wonderful life. Secondly, I think we need know the worth of money and time. Part time job will teach us that one hour's worth. To get money is difficult. If we just spend money that our parents give us, we may lose control and cannot use it well. Finally, money can help us make life for ourselves. We need pay a lot of money during our student life. If we just depend on our parents, everything should through their permission. Depend on these reason I think that it is important for college students to have a part time job.


I personally agree with the statement that college students to have a part time job. There are two reasons for this opinion. The one is about the experience of working, the other is about having fun in out of college. First, all the college students are in the between of student and worker. They need to be grow up more to fit into the society and situation a lot. So it is like preparation for them to have experiences of working during their college time. Next, the college is a place such as students learn and absorb a lot of things there and they even start to get to know many people and organization in other places. This is very good thing for them to make friends or meet many opinion which are different from the things they thought in college. Part time job is one of those places that give them opportunity to meet many people and they also yarn money from that. As I am student in college, I think these two reasons are important things at this moment. Opening new world is always exciting but at the same time we are worry many things. Some people think it is very hard to start new things besides their college study. We are now in between of opening new world and part time job is as one of them to get use to it.


I agree this statement. I think that there are four advantages. First, you can know the importance to make money by yourself. And you will appreciate to your parents. You may feel happy to work because you can use the money you make yourself. You will be big man as human being because you can learn various things. Second, more and more you raise the opportunity of communication. I think this is one of the most important of all when you go to the society after you graduated college. And you will be able to raise communication ability. You will be good at talking to someone. Third, you will be able to make friends in another college. When you don't work in the day and your college also doesn't work, you may play with your friend so to speak your college. Thanks to your friends, you enjoy living in your work time life and so on. Fourth, you can contribute to the society. If you do part time job, the economy become more active. Conversely, I think also a disadvantage. If you do part time job, your study time reduce. But you are only careful that situation. So I agree this statement.


I disagree. At first, college students should concentrate in studying their subjects. To do part time job can prevent them from studying hard. For example, a friend of mine works at a restaurant. He works there late at night, so he can't study and also he is often late for school. So, he failed an examination and couldn't get a score of the class. Many students can't control their schedules because they don't better understand their own abilities than they think. So, college students don't have to be busy for working. Second, college students don't need such experiences that they have worked in society before they graduate. Some people say that the things which students can earn by doing part time job – like manner, how to communicate with person, and so on   are useful for the future; when they actually work in company. But they can learn everything at companies what they need. I think that it is more important to get various qualifications like TOEIC. Such qualifications are difficult to get after they enter companies because they will be busy. It is more useful when they work. What I want to say is that what is important for college students is to study hard.


I agree with this opinion. I have some reason. First of all, we simply have to earn money. Also as a college student we need a lot of money such as school fee, train fee and so on that we need in school life in college. I think it is very high but it is important to try to pay such money because such expenditure is not for other person but for myself. Relying on only our parents from the beginning is not so good. Secondly we can experience a lot of things through our part time jobs that we have not learned in school life. I also have been learned through a part time job. When I entered the college I also began part time job. At that time I was thinking that part time job was very fun because there many kind of people and I can earn money easily. But I changed such thoughts now. I understood that earning money is very hard. Working is not the entertainment that we fun and is needed a lot of responsibilities. So we must separate work and daily life. Some people think it is common sense but it is very important things. I experienced many thought more than money through part time job. So we should have a part time job.


I agree this opinion that part time job is important for college school students, because I studied a lot of thing with my part time job. At first, the communication skill is necessary to work. We must talk to owner and companion, although it is not so necessary to talk to others at college school. We must talk to our guests too. We can get good communication skill with working. we can many variety friends too. At working place, there are many peoples. Their age or environment who grow up is different from yourselves. When you get along with them, you know new inspiration and it will be useful thing. Second, the experience get money from working is important for our life of college school student. We will have to make a effort to get a good job. For these difficult activities, part time jobs are practice. We must appeal ourselves to owners both of them to get work. If we get part time job, this success is turned into our confidence. Third, many University student want more money. Someone need money because play with their friends. Someone need for traveling. Someone need for hobbies. Someone need for eating enough. Part time job is best for us to make money.


I think that the part time job is important for college students. Actually, I am working part time now. For, to the first, I want to earn money for the club activity. Differing from the high school student, the club activity becomes real at the university. Additionally, the scale of the club activity is large, and there are a lot of people in the circle. The large scale costs money for club activity. And money is necessary to play with them. But, I do not think that it wants parents to pay for that money. I am unpleasant in parents' paying for money that is needed for me to do what I want to do. And secondarily, there is reason that I want to buy what I want to. Differing from high school student, the price of the thing that I want is high when becoming a university student. But I do not think that I want my parents to pay for money of these things, too. And I want to save up money and to buy my wanting things for myself. Certainly, there is an opinion that you should study hard without working when you are student. And you borrow money from parents now, and when starting your adult life, it only has to return. But I think that there is something of experience that can be done only by this age now. After I have found employment once, I think that it is not possible to work part time at all. It is bad that the part time job becomes a main theme at the student life. But I think the part time job is necessary if it becomes a method of obtaining money that is needed to do what I want to.


I think it is important for collage students to have a part time job. Most of students require money for playing, club activity, shopping, eating, and so on. I think we should earn the money we use ourselves because we soon or already twenty years old. We rely on our parents for a long time, we should independent. I think, to earn myself is a first step to independent. After graduate collage, we start to live as a member of society. To have a part time job and earn money is training of it. Studying at collage is most important for our students, but we can't learn all things at collage. Part time job is a place of social study, I think. We can learn social environment, economy and person relationship through part time job. And we can experience many things in society. Also, we can work our favorite job. These experiences can be useful when we find employment in the future. Moreover, through part time job, we can meet many people. So we can get many friends and extend our world. Collage students have a lot of time. So we should spend this time significant. Through part time job, we can get money and good experience. To have and work a part time job is very good way, I think.


I agree with the following statement "It is important for college students to have a part time job. " I have some reasons why I agree with this statement. First of all, to have a part time job teaches us the real value and importance of money. Before I started a part time job, I got some money off my mother and my ground mother. And I bought books and clothes I wanted with the money. Then I sometimes bought something I didn't really need. But after I started a part time job, I came to buy something I really needed carefully. For I learned how hard earning money was. I felt the money I earned by myself was very valuable. Secondly, to have a part time job gives me a lot of experiences. I work as a part time teacher. And I teach not only junior high school students but also primary school and high school students. Other part time teachers are many kinds of peoples. They are college students, women who have children and men who got married. Therefore I communicate with many kinds of people. And I learn wide views from them because they have their own views different from mine. Thirdly to have a part time job improve the way how to use limited times. I must do many thing studying, listening to rock music, reading books, housekeeping, communicating with my family, and a part time job. So I came to plan by myself. And I always do something I must do now. For these reasons I agree with the following statement "It is important for college students to have a part time job. " And I'll have many kinds of part time jobs from now on.


I agree with the statement. I think that it is too early for high school students to do, but that it is just good time for college students to do. I have some reasons I think so. First, they need to earn money to play and to date alone. I think some of them are given money by their parents, but we must be independent from their parents soon. When we graduate from university, we must work, earn, and make on living. So, it is learning that we have a part time job. Second, to have a part time job is an opportunity to know many persons. Actually, I make some friends through a part time job. Some goes to *** University, other goes to different university. If I don't have the part time job, I never encounter them. It is very fun to know with persons who go to different university. And it is very fun to know with person who is different years. Especially, I think I learn many things, when I talk with adults. Each person has different thought, so it is important to know many persons and to talk with them. Such an opportunity is just to have a part time job. Therefore, I think college students should have different part time job so that we experience.


I think it is important for college students to have a part time job. There are three reasons I think so. By the way I have a part time job. I wrote reasons which base on my experience of part time job. At first, I can have a experience of society by having a part time job. When we do something, we have commitments. In part time job, I feel it strongly. We can't get money easily. I did hare work and then I could get money. I can learn importance of money. We, university student, can change part time jobs so we can be a man who sale bread or clothes and then be a man who deliver news paper or pack or a man cook crape or okonomiyaki, teacher of private school, a shop boy of first food or coffee shop and so on If we were thirteen years old, could we change the jobs easily? I think the answer is no. Changing jobs is not easy for a businessman. Second reason is that we can meet many people at part time job. I made friends with many people at part time job and some one go to different university, some one is different age, some one is from different part of Japan. If I didn't start part time job, I would never meet some of them. Things talked by different university student or different age person are very interesting to me. I can know what I have never known. Third reason is that getting money refers to help my parents and we can get money to do what I want to do by getting money. I can buy books and clothes, bags. It follows from this three reasons that I think it is important for college students to have a part time job.


I think that it is important for college students to have a part time job. There are three reasons why I think so. The first reason is that a part time job tells college students how important money is. It is not until they work that they know how important money is. If they do not have a part time job, they do not know how important money is and they tend to waste money. The second reason is that college students do not waste their time if they have a part time job. College students have much free time. But they should use their time meaningfully because they cannot have much free time after graduation. I think they should have a part time job in order not to waste their precious time. The third reason is that the experience of having a part time job can be useful when they get a regular job. For example, they learn how to speak with their seniors from a part time job. If they do not know how to speak with their seniors, they will have difficulties when they get a regular job. And many companies put emphasis on what new employee did in their college life. So people who have a part time job can be good for getting a regular job. In my opinion, college students should have a part time job.


I agree students to have a part time job. I have no part time job now, but I had it three months ago. However I earned a little money, I could bought things I need when I was having it. But I am depending on money sending from my parents now. I feel so sorry for them, because I think I can't live by myself. Of course I don't think I can get enough money for my school life by part time job. I need helps from my parents or school. But some money helps my parents' money, I believe. However, I don't agree with doing part time jobs too hard. I am sometimes hearing friends' talk, I can't have time to study to do part time job. I think it is wrong for our work, studying. We are going to school to study. We do not go to school to use money that earn by part time job completely. So I think it is good to have a part time job if there is some time we can use freely. When we do some part time jobs, we can learn manners, behaviors, and many things we have to do in society. It is important for students to select their jobs.


I agree with the statement. I think part time job is first step to our own future job. Because, we can experience various job. There are service occupation, tutor and remover at time part job. I think it is important for us to continue the work which we will hope and get in the future till we retire. And, to continue it as long as possible, we have to get an occupation agreeable to my taste. On the other hand, I think that it cannot help giving up the part time job, if it isn't agreeable to me. But, it is bad to give up it for no reason. I think it is the best to find which field of jobs is the most agreeable to me by having it. So, in the future, we can select work and are likely to make an appeal for the experience at a part time job to the company. Then, we can also study the rule of society. When we spend times in our daily life, we have only chance to speak our friend, family and teacher. But, when we work, we can know many rules. For example, when we speak to our superior and customers, we have to use honorific word and speak politely and not to get angry easily. And, we can acquire useful and good manners. However, some people say college students's main occupation is study. Surely, it is right. If we worked too long to go to school, our achievement would decline and we would make our parents sad. If we became so, it would be too bad. Thus, I think it is the most important to work when we have free time. And, it is the best of us to acquire various skills, manners without lazing about study.


I think that it is necessary to work part time in the school days. There are a lot of things that it can understand only after it works. This was to have felt it because I actually worked. For instance, it is a thing to build mutual trust with the co workers. I thought that I only had nothing but to do the given work before I worked. However, cooperation is actually indispensable to work. Moreover, it is easy to ask them for help when it is in trouble if it is in communications with them. Such a thing might be common sense either. However, the person who has not worked doesn't understand nature. If it is understood, how to act even is not understood. When going into the workforce, it is hard to understand from the beginning. I think it is also hard for superior who teaches. It might be labeled, "Guy who cannot use it". It is natural that it cannot understand anything when it starts working. However, it can manage with experience. The obtained one is not only useful for work. The aspect when becoming a standpoint where service is received changes, too. Because clerk's feelings are understood, and it is possible to sympathize, time when feelings each other are good can be spent. As a result, service that is better than might be received. I think it is good to experience a lot when it is young. The abundance of knowledge and the experience will become the charm of the person even if not useful immediately for something. It's wonderful if only to increasing one more his story.


I think it is important for college students to have a part time job. There are three reasons why I think so. First reason is that having a part time job is useful for us to experience life in society. Second reason is that having a part time job is valuable for us to choice what vocation we wish to follow on the future. If we never have had a part time job, when we become a member of society, we don't have realistic knowledge about our potentialities, or we don't know enough about the many kinds of work available or even enough about the kind of work we think we wont to do. If we have had a part time job, we can increase our knowledge and understanding about society, so we can lay that much better a outlook for choosing our vocation. Third reason, this reason is the most important for me, is that we can earn allowance by having a part time job. For example, in my case, I have been having a part time job since I became a high school student. I saw earning money is terrible difficult, so I became not to waste money. I think we can realize importance and value of money by earning money ourselves. With these reasons, I think it is important for college students to have a part time job.


I agree with this opinion It is important for college students to have a part time job. I think it is important to gain social experience by a part time job. Because, many college students have lived in the limited relation of people that is called school. They don't know the large relations of people in the society. In it, there are many kinds of people. For example, people who help them or interfere them. In the school, if they think they don't like some people, they can avoid that one. But in the society, there are some cases that they can't avoid someone who they don't like. They can know it by a part time job. I also think they can know the importance of money by having a part time job. They have been given money from their parents. They don't know how hard earning money is. So they sometimes waste money. If they have a part time job, they can know it is hard to earn money by working. If they know this, they decrease the frequency of wasting money and they can know the troubles of their parents on working. They respect their parents. I agree with this statement according to that two reason.


I agree that college students have a part time job. I think that a part time job gives us many things. It is next things. First, of course, I get money by working. This is very important to college students to live alone. Second, I can experience the real work. A part time job is a step to work in a society. If I went to a society without having a part time job, I'll suffer stresses not to know around. If you experience some species of apart time job, you'll not suffer. Third, I can often experience connections with workers. This is important. Job place is Life place, so I must enjoy working. I don't want to work in boring place. I don't enjoy working to get money. But I think to enjoy working with workers. In fact, I have a part time job now. And that is the second job in life. I get job's money for a living. I work for a living, but I get many things more than that. I think study is more important than a part time job. So, I must not have a part time job more than need to live. A part time job has good point more than bad. Thanks to a part time job, I grew up. This experience is priceless.


First, I agree with the statement it is important for college students to have a part time job The act of earning money by working would make you feel a satisfaction that you can act as a member of the society. And whenever you do a part time job, you may have partners. I think it a precious experience to work hard to contribute to your office by cooperating with your partners. But, the most significant reason I agree to a part time job for is an economical point. When you become a college student, you will need more money than before. Of course, the expense includes tuition fee and the cost of living. And the expense also includes the cost spared for your hobby and play and so on. I think, it is wrong for you to plead with your parents to pay for such expenses. You should earn the money that spared for your hobby and play and so on. So I agree to a part time job to a great degree. And in fact, many college students have a part time job, and I also have it. But it is the part of a college student to study. You should not forget it.


I disagree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part time job. In Japan, a lot of college students have a part time job. For example, they work as a waiter, a casher and a teacher of a cram school. There are many kinds of works that need people like college students as a worker. It is because they have a lot of time to use freely and they can be hired cheaply. But it is just a fact of today. We tend to think popular things are right but I don't think so. Why are college students given a lot of time to use freely? I think, it is for a time doing what they can't do except now, not for a time earning money. It is sure to need much money for playing with friends but if they spend a lot of their time to earn money, it misplaces its priorities. Earning money is not bad thing, but neither is the most important thing. College students should spend more time reading many books, visiting many places and communicating someone. From these reasons, I don't think that it is important for college students to have a part time job.


I agree this opinion. I think general college students should have a part time job in order to get a lot of their life experience. By having part time jobs, they can get skills to communicate with a variety of people, to do special task, and so on. However, this doesn't always apply to me. I have three part time jobs (home teacher, jyuku teacher, and horse racing course employee). But, money that I got at racing course is not mine. It will be used for our horses. (I am a member of horse riding club, so we must work for our horses besides club dues. ) Surely, I could learn a lot of things by working there for a year. Teaching junior high school students and high school students is good review of our studying and I can know how difficult teaching other people is. And I could learn about horses' cure at racing course. (I work at horses' clinic in racing course with animal doctor. ) But, because I work five times a week, I myself lost time for spending a happy week end dinner with family and studying chemistry and English. That is why I said this doesn't always apply to me.


I think it is important for college students to have a part time job. We can learn the society, economy, and what we must have as adults through a part time job. We will have to work to earn in the close future. If we have much ability which I give before than other people, we can be recognized earlier and can have a big work. And if we cannot make use of the experience of a part time job to our work, we can make use of it to our life. We cannot live alone, so we have to have communication ability. A part time job is also needed it. Therefore if we are not good at communicating, we get to communicate well thanks to having a part time job. I was also not good at doing but I entered the university and have a part time job then I can communicate better than I used to. As another reason, I think we can learn how difficult we get money and how important money is through a part time job. If we haven't work, we cannot understand importance of money. We know it, and we can know the importance of parents who grow us up. We can know the greatness of parents when we work. By these reason, I think we have to have a part time job.


I agree that it is important for collage students to have a part time job. I have two reasons I think so. One reason is to be able to understand the worth of money. Collage students have much time they can do various things. But they require money when they do something. So, they need to earn money. They have many methods to earn money. In them, to have a part time job is the simplest method. Students work for the certain time. Then, they take the certain money. It is very simple and they surely get money. And they can learn the difficulty that they earn it. I think they thank to their parents who have earned money for them. It is very good. Another reason is that collage students can experience a society. Most of them will graduate their collage and work somewhere for the future. But they will not be able to work suddenly. So, they have a part time job and can see working. If they do that, they can talk with people who actually work at a society and listen to their experiences. Also, they can experience the severe of a society. They are scolded to do wrong things. When they too wrong thing, they must quit the job. Collage students experience a society like that, and they will have fewer problems when they work. Collage students have to study. I think this must be neglected. So, I want to say it is important to have a part time job for proper time.


I agree this statement. There are two reasons about that. One reason is that college students need a lot of money for campus life, group activities and club activities. There are a lot of people in the University. So they have a lot of friends and they often play with them by spending money. And in the University, there are no school uniforms. So they care their clothes, and buy a lot of clothes. And a monthly club expenses, camp expenses and drinking party expenses are too high for college students to pay without working part time. And school expenses, travel expenses and prices of textbooks are very high, too. So college students should do part time job to reduce their parents' pays. Another reason is that to do part time job is a good opportunity of experiencing communities. By doing part time job, they can know hardness of earning money, and need of patience. That will have them contacting with other part timers gently. And that will be useful to look for work in the near future. Today, college students are called for rich experience more than school background. By such reasons, I think it is important for college students to have a part time job.


First of all, I agree this statement, namely I think it is important for us to have a part time job. There are three reasons why I think so. Firstly, a part time job is a chance to get money that I can use freely. Now, I live in Rokko by myself and my parents send regular money to me once a month. I spend that money in living. The rest of that money is not so much. So I do not buy anything I like anytime. In short, we college students need money. Secondly, to do a part time job is to join in a part of society indirectly, I think. When we graduate from this university after few years, we have to work in a complex society. Then, the more we have experience in a part time job, the better we are. Thirdly, to do a part time job is to get a chance making friends with. It is easy to making friends with by working together. In conclusion, I agree that it is important for college students to have a part time job.


I think it is important for college students to have a part time job. There are a variety of part time jobs. After graduating from college, college students work. So, by experiencing part time jobs during campus life, they can prepare for work after graduating from college and know how work they are suited for. Also, by getting money as pay of work, they appreciate the value of money and difficulty with work. In my case, I have a part time job to teach junior high school students math. Through a part time job, teaching someone something became one of my options of work in the future. And I appreciated the value of money and difficulty with work. The feeling I thanked for my parents working to grow me grew up. I have another reason why I think it is important for college students to have a part time job. Because I think college students should earn money to spend on their hobbies and play by having a part time job. I live with my parents. But I don't be given spending money and earn money for myself needed for play and baseball club activities I belong to. From these reasons, I think it is important for college students to have a part time job.


I agree with the college students having a part time job. Because they can do various experiences that they cannot do at the university. First, they can know happiness of work. When they said by the guests'thank you', they are sure to feel happy. Then their will to work is increased. Secondly, Work is "a place of learning". They must learn many things to perform a job. But they can acquire many skills trough the job. (For example, if you teach high school students, you can get the ability of teaching simply. ) That is to say, they can acquire skills while getting money. Finally they can fill a gap between reality and ideal. We tend to estimate working lowly. However, when they work actually, they notice that working is harder than they have expected. Although they may be disappointed then, I think they approach to an adult by one step through such experience. For such a reason, I agree with the college students having a part time job. But, I also think that it is bad to spend too much time in a part time job. Their main job is learning. So they should have part time job as long as it does not disturb the learning.


I think that it is important for college student to have a part time job. Almost all of college students get the job after their graduation. So, I think that to have some part time jobs is the chance for college students to think about their lifetime jobs. These days, 30% of new members of society graduated a college or university quite their job within three years. Why do they quite their jobs so quickly? I think that it is due to their no, little, or short thinking about their jobs. Most of the college students start to think and search about their jobs when they are 3rd grade. It is when they have to think about it. But, by working in part time jobs, they can have a chance to start to think about their jobs. To think about their jobs early in their college life is very important. So, they can worry about their job longer, and may have a good idea about their social life. By doing so, it will lead them to good result. In addition, by working in part time jobs, they can touch the society which they will live after graduation. No matter how little they know about the society, it is big difference whether they know about the society or not. And it is far bigger difference whether they can think about their jobs with the knowledge, or not.


I agree with the statement, It is important for collage students to have a part time job. I have two big reasons. I think about it recently, too. First, it is because I think that we should understand that earning much money is very hard before working in a society. For example, when we are scolded to our boss, we will have angry or feel shock, and we want to quit. But if we quit, we cannot earn much money and we will be in trouble. So we can learn that putting up with anger is important and understand real value of money. And we will think that we use money importantly. Then, we can use much money that we earned without minding. For example, we can watch many movies, travel around the world, go to a high class restaurant, and buy expensive clothes, shoes, hats, jewels, bags, cosmetics, and so on Second, it is the reason why our human relations spread. In a collage, there are a lot of people. So we can get more friends after entering a collage than before it. But if we have a part time job, we can spread our human relations more!! These relations help our growth. Therefore, I think that it is important for collage students to have a part time job.


Ｉ agree with an opinion that it is important for college students to have a part time job. There are two reasons for that. Firstly, college student need more money at some situation than junior school student. For example, we need money for a membership of something club, going to drink, shopping, and so on. But college students are almost same as members of society. So we should not depend on our parents but pay money that we earned by ourselves. Secondly, we can have a lot of experience through a part time job. For example, when I was a freshman, I taught mathematics to junior high school student at cram school. I thought that it was difficult to teach anything. I worked at a bar too. I thought it was hard for shy man to meet or talk. But these experiences will help me in future. Most people think that not having a part time job but studying is more important. I think that the idea is good too. To Study for getting some qualification will help us. But having a part time job will help us as much as studying. That might be unimportant but useful in something. So Ｉ agree with an opinion that it is important for college students to have a part time job.


I agree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part time job. There are three reasons why I think so. Firstly, it is because college students need money and take money to do something. For example, they use it when they go somewhere to play with friends, when they buy something such as drinks, household commodities, books, clothes and so on. If some of them belong to clubs, it also often costs them. In fact, I have a part time job. This is because it costs to buy clothes and to play with friends of mine and I think I'll run short of money someday or soon when I don't do it. Secondly, it is because I think having a part time job is useful for my long life experience and I may be able to learn something by doing it. Only studying in college is dull. Since I had a part time job and started, I could increase the sphere of activity, make friends who go to other colleges and exchange information. Lastly, it is because college students need to get gradually use to having and being conscious of responsibility. When they graduate from college and begin the work in society, they are left the responsible work and carry out their duties. When they go out into the world and begin the work, some may be puzzled because of their inexperience. In order not to be puzzled, it is useful to have a part time job, I think.


I agree to this topic. I think that it is very important for college students to have a part time job. It is because I think being a college student means to take a step forward into a social life as an adult. Our parents may pay our school expenses. Yet we are already old enough to earn our own allowances. First of all, if you have any hobbies you would like to enjoy while you are in college, I think it is your will and responsibility to continue. Secondly, I think the period of college life is also a training time for us to go into the actual life of workings. And so we would learn what it is like to be working for a company or a shop. I also think it is important for us to experience the hard works to earn money. Lastly, while we are in college, we will naturally get to the age of twenty when we are treated as an adult person by the society and become legally adult. After then we will be able to smoke, drink, and gamble and so on. But we are at the same time expected to be responsible about our life, living and thoughts. A good example for this would be the public elections we do to participate in governmental deals. And the other example is when you commit a crime your full name will be announced. Therefore, I think that part time jobs during college life would be a good time for us to experience various things and also to learn various things we don't learn at school.


I think it is important to have a part time job. Because most of college students need much money to live and enjoy their life. There are two reasons to think so. First, I think it is difficult for many people to eat what they want to eat, buy what they want without part time job and do what they want to do. I think college students have to do all things they are interested in. To do everything without afraid will make their life interesting. It is very important. And if we do not part time job, we do nothing and make no memories. I think it is sad. Second, doing part time job is good experience to know society. To do part time job means to get money. It is not easy thing. At school, if there are some problems, for example not to do job to do in class or not to do homework, your teacher or friends help you. But, if you do part time job, there are difficult problem to solve, only depending on other people is not admitted. We need to think and solve ourself. It is needful skill for everyone. So doing part time job is important experience to get this skill. I am doing part time job. Sometime there are hard jobs, but I enjoy it. So I think it is important to have a part time job.


I agree that it is important for college students to have a part time job. Because we can get a lot of techniques and knowledge through part time job. After we get a job, they sometimes helpful to our job. Now, I am working part time in sushi shop. There, Owner usually says that fine greeting and smile are very important. We must think most about guest. Under employment, it is not changed. Also, recently NEET is increasing. I do not think they are not going to get a job, but they have anxiety about technique and knowledge of jobs. They once have a part time job, the anxiety may be cleared. Therefore NEET will be decreased. Decreasing NEET is good for future of Japan. So, I think part time job is good for college students. In fact, through working as part time job, I am developed. For example, a year ago, I am very shy. I could not speak stranger. But now I am able to speak stranger, of course guest. Also before I begin part time job, I did not smile very much. But in the sushi shop I forced smile. Now my smile has increased in my daily life. Last reason is that through part time job, we can meet a lot of people. He or she may be best friend or partner of our life. Talk with their, we can get new knowledge. It is important for college students to have a part time job for these reason.


I don't agree with the statement; it is important for college students to have a part time job. I think, it's important for students who are interested in having one, but not for all college students. Indeed, having a job in one's early time can be a good experience for his/her full time work after graduation or his/her dairy life by learning social rules and communicating with other people. But, for ones who don't direct to part time jobs, including me, working can be worthless or even painful because part time jobs are instable in situations, working places and colleagues, on part time job students can earn less money in contrast to his/her contribution, and at the largest point, students are fully busy in college lives. Many college students must do homework and come to university for a long way. They are also expected to do extra studies before and after lectures. So they have a little time to spend freely. A part time job spends his/her precious time. In fact, I have only 9 lectures a week now, including 4 lectures with homework, but I have time for my hobby only on Saturday and Sunday. Even then, of course, I have to study so that the length of the free time depends on the contents of the lectures and homework. Certainly there are students who have some time and students who are attracted in working on part time jobs. People like them will have a good time with their colleagues and customers, a pleasant of earning money, and so on. I don't deny the people getting them with their own wills. But I think it's not good to force all college students to get part time jobs, telling that they must be good for them. Weather having a job or not should be decided by students' own.


I agree that it is important for college students to have a part time job. I have three reasons for my opinion. I think that we have good experience by a part time job. This is a reason that I begin to start a part time job, because I think that this is very good social study. My part time job is restaurant. I thinks that experience of the service industry is useful for an occupation of future. I think that a burden of parents decreases. Actually, I use my salary of part time job for the cost of living and I don't get some money by my parents. I think it is easy to use my salary and use various things. We can travel abroad and study various things, buy likely things by my salary. The last reason is very personal reason. I belong to baseball club. Baseball club costs money. For example, we go to the camp in every spring and summer. A baseball article is very high. Uniform, spikes, a glove are more two hundred yen. Many my friends belong to various circle. Some circle costs money, too. I think that we should have a part time job, because if we want to do various things at college students, we need much money.


I agree with the statement. So I have a part time job in a cake shop since last September. First, college students need some money. In my case, my parents give some money to me. But I need more money than that because I want to go shopping, eat nice food, and travel. Second, we can have important experience at a part time job. Through this experience, I notice that it is very hard to earn money. So I want to thank my parents. In addition to that, I can learn good manners. For example, I learn how to use polite words and how to give good service. Finally, I can meet many people. There, I meet same college students, different college students, and people who make cakes. I can't meet them in my daily life. I talk to them and I can learn many things. One day, I talked with a man who makes cakes. He is nineteen years old and I am also nineteen years old. I asked him about his work. He answered that it was very hard but he liked the work. And he talked about his dream. He said that he wanted to have his own shop in the future, so he worked hard. I thought his life was very different from my life but I wanted to do work like him in the future.


I think that it is important for college students to have a part time job. Last year, I became a college student. And I knew that college students have a lot of time because their school hours are shorter than that of high school students. That's why a lot of people join club activity or circle activity. And some people who are interested in foreign country go abroad for the purpose of language study or specialty study. Naturally, club activity, circle activity, and studying abroad need not only long free time but also need a lot of money. Students may get money from parents, but I think that they should get money by themselves because they are not just children. The reason why I recommend a part timer of a college student is that not only a reason that it merely becomes an income source but also it can become good experience for their future. For example, when I worked in restaurants, I must learn that I try to always behave to a visitor in a polite manner. And when I work as a part timer of a lecturer in a private supplementary school, I must learn a way to teach things intelligibly. So that there are two reasons such as the above, I think that it is important for college students to have a part time job.


I agree the statement that it is important for college students to have a part time job. The first reason is that the students can help economy of their house by having a pare time job. If only they earn money to go shopping, travel or get something they want, they will help economy of their house. Then they can do more things they want to do while they are college student, if they have a part time job and save money. For example, sports, trip, studying abroad. I think that college students want to do a lot of things. But, they should not receive all money to do things they want to do from their parents. The second reason is that they get social experience through a part time job. They have a job to meet a customer and work or talk with people who work together, and they get politeness. They can learn a polite way of talking or realize how severe it is for them to work. They can also get a large view and care for people who are around them. In addition, I think that they can learn hardness of earning money. So, they can realize worth of money. Of course, they should not neglect their studies by doing a part time job too hard. But, I think it is important for college students to have a part time job while they don't neglect their studies.


I think it is important for college students to have part time job. Of course, for college students, to study hard is very important, but I think there is another important things. First, this is because we can learn how hard it is to earn money. When we go shopping with friends, we usually find what we want. If we bought it with money our parents gave us, we couldn't know the value of it. By buying with money we earned, we can learn the importance of money. Second, we can contact with many types of people. In this world, a lot of people are living. But we can't meet most of them. Having a part time job gives us more opportunities to contact with people who are unknown for us, for example, employers, part time workers and consumers. Then, we can develop the skill to communicate with other people. Third, we can help our family. Until high school students, our parents had given us some money for buying something having meal or somewhere. But if we come to do these things by using the money we earned, this reduces the burden of our parents. And not only we but also they can buy what they want and eat more delicious meal. So I agree with this opinion.


I agree to this opinion. And I have two reasons. Firstly, part time job is good experience for college students. I think that part of college students had never worked in their life. Therefore I think that college student should work to acquire social experience. Secondly, I think that it is important for them to earn money by themselves. I think that it is not necessarily bad to depend on parent. However, I think that it is not good to depend on parents for all money that they need by their college life. I think that they must absolutely experience to earn money for their future. But, doing part time job has not only merit but also demerit. For example, if a college student works at a part time job too much, they will seldom go to a university. College students must study. And they must have gone into the university, in order to study. Therefore, the college student has to give top priority to study. They should drop out of a university if they do not study. And I think that they should work. It has a merit and demerit to work part time job in this way. I think that the college student should work at a part time job if it judges synthetically.


I think it is not important for college students to have a part time job because it is important for them to learn a specialized field. And they should spend longer time to understand it deeply. Making Money should be done after they graduate from the college. Generally, it's a difficult task that college students keep up both their school work and a part time job. If they devote their college life to a part time job, they will neglect their school work. The students who neglect it in their college life will be at a loss in the future. Of course, having a part time job has the advantage of getting many opportunities to meet people from different fields. They also can experience many things by working. So, if they kept up both studies and a part time job, they would live a full college life more. To tell the truth, I don't have a part time job now. So I have more free time than other students who are busy for their working. I often spent my spare time in going to the library in my college and reading the books which interest me. The books owned by the college are treasures for me because they are not seen in a usual book store or the library in my neighborhood. By reading them, I have been acquiring special knowledge little by little. I think this experience seems to be more valuable than one by working when I'm a college student. Once we start to work in the society after graduating from a college, we no longer have a long time for learning unknown things or interesting things. I think that spending as long time as we can to learn interesting fields is one of the most important college students' rights.


I agree this opinion that it is important for college students to have a part time job. There are three reasons. First reason is that we can experience strictness of the world by working. It is very important. Secondly, having part time job teaches us the value of money and hardship of our parents. In the case of mine, I worked very hard for a month; however I got no more than fifty thousand yen. I understood difficulty of making money. Final reason is that we can get the opportunity of talking many people. All over the world, there are various people who have a different sense of values. So taking such a man spreads our view of the world. There may be also persons who say that college students' main work is study! To be sure, we attend the lecture to learn the expert knowledge. We lose the time for study by working part time job. However, the thing which is needed is not school career but human nature when we go into the world. I think that a part time job is very good for training the human nature. Pleasure, club and part time job are also study. For the reasons I agree this opinion.


I agree the opinion that it is important for college students to have a part time job. Campus life's main is not only academic study but also getting ready for life as a member of society. When they graduate from college, they have to live as a member of society. Through part time job, they can learn importance of working, a sense of fulfillment of working, social customs, etiquette, common sense, and so on. Then, human relations spread. Besides, chance that they are exposed to society is increase. These are very important for college students to live as a member of society. Relatively, college students have a lot of time to spend freely. I think that they should experience various things with that free time. For that reason, they need money. Therefore, it is necessary that college students help for income of part time job to spend campus life usefully. Of course, it is not good for college students to have a part time job for all neglecting their studies. However, part time job is chance to learn about society and learn about our hidden talents and develop mentally. For that reason, I think that it is important for college students to have a part time job.


I think that it is important for college students to have a part time job. You may say that college students shouldn't have a part time job but study. But I think that colleges are not the place which students only study I have a part time job. I am a home teacher. The job is difficult to do. I think that to teach is much more difficult than to learn. But it is a lot of fun. I am very happy when I let my students solve problems which they haven't been able to solve. Then, I feel that I got to be able to watch things by more views. This means that I got wiser at that moment. This is fantastic thing because to be wise is one of the real purposes of college students. Indeed, the part time job which I have ever had is only home teacher, but other jobs also have the real purposes of college students. So I think it is important for us to have a part time job. Our part time jobs also help our parents by money. To study at college need much money. So our parents can face hardships because of money. But if we have a part time job, they can avoid the hardships. Thinking from above reasons, to have a part time job is good for us.


I think that it is very important for college students to have a part time job. Furthermore, I think that college students should experience many kinds of job. I have two reasons for my opinion. First, they should know difficulty of making many. I think if they know it, they will thank for their parents who work for them to make many and notice value of many. So they will seas to be against their parents and waste many. And I think that they can make bases of jobs by experiencing many kinds of job. The bases will help them when they start to work and make them people who have depth of humanity. I think people who have only study are foolish and not interesting and not useful at all. I think there are few people who have ability to live with only study. Second, I think they should relate many kinds of people. Thing I most have thought since I started a part time job is that college are full with people like me. In college, people have similar ability of study and similar thought and similar dream and experience similar high school time and are similar age. I think it is important for us to communicate with college friends. But it is not enough for college students only communication of them. For example, I have been noticed to many things and been thought of many things by communicate with many kinds of people who have verity of thought and have experienced verity of life and are verity of ages. By these reasons, I think it is important for college students to have a part time job.


I agree with the statement. And I think it is important for college students t o have a part time job. I have two reasons. Firstly, I think that part time job is one of learning society. Part time job provides college students with many important things. For example, They can kn ow severeness of society, manners in working, and pleasure of salary. I think these experience surely raise a person. Most people have to work after graduating university or graduate school. If he or she has never worked before then, I think it is very dangerous. I think it is too hard for a person who has never had part time job to work suddenly in this severe society. It is necessary to experience walking during college stud ent. Secondly, college students need a lot of money. Elementary school, junior high school, and high school students usually can get their money from their paren ts every month. However, college students are not children yet. So I think the y have to earn their money by oneself. Thanks to a part time job, college stud ents can help their parents. Part time job brings us great experience and money. I experienced and learned many things through a part time job too. I think these are very worthful. I th ink college students should have a part time job.


I think that part time job is valuable to college students. The position of college students in society is on pre adult stage. So student can have many chances to know society. Doing part time job related to work in the future. If students have pert time job, he or she may discover his or her potential capacities and develop their ability. Moreover they might know what they want to do in the future. Knowing society means touching movement of society. For example, when I had part time job at the factory of Kappazusi and saw various frozen foods, I think that foods which we eat everyday come through human working. I was surprised. Where did these foods come from? How did this drink reach to me? Around our life, there are many products. Even if the goods isn't handmade and made from machine, somebody would be concerned in the process of production. Then, I consider what I can do and what I should do for having the job. And a part time job gives students practical good things. That is wage. It is important to use the money earned themselves, while they compare two worth: their effort and the good which they want to buy. I think that money from income of parents differ from the money of themselves too. After little years, they will get only themselves profit. So, they can practice the management of money. They can understand difficulty of getting money and living by themselves. Lastly, in school life, student experience many important things. There are communication and cooperation. Though, part time job may expand their world. It is job outside their school that gives special feeling; responsibility, happiness, and achievement, and another position to student. The environment around people affects their sense of values and way of thinking. I agree.


I agree with this opnion. There are three reasons. Firstly, college students can answer for behavior through they have a part time job. I have worked on the chainese restaurant, I had to keep my uniform and body  especially hands  clearn to serve guest food. And I had to keep smile to take a good service. If I take a mistake, I will trouble with other staffs. So, they become to answer for their behaviors. Secondly, college students can learn from society through they have a part time job. I have a job which is for short term. Before, I have worked on the office of advertisement. At the office, I tidied up accounts, copied advertisement, and inputed names and adresses. Then, I surely join a little in society. Finaly, college students can earn through they have a part time job. Almost all of college students doesn't have a lot of money. But, they think "We play more " So, a part time job realize thier dreams. So, I think it is very important that college students have a part time job. Surely, that will be very important experience.


I think that it is important for college students to have a part times job. I have two reasons on my opinion. Firstly, we can use money right and left for it is the money we earn by ourselves. Many college students live by their selves. We spend much of money which our parents send us on the lodging charge and the money for food. If we have no money, we can not play with our friends. So if we enjoy campus life, we must earn by ourselves by having a part times job. We do not always have money we earn by ourselves for playing with friends, by the way. There is another use. We send our parents present on their birthday. They will be pleased at getting such a good present and our sentiment on them. Secondly, we can study the society by having a part times job. Though college students are student, their position is close to person of the society. I think that it is a great experience for those who college students who get out into the world to work in the society. We have opportunity to contact with elderly people when work part time. Hearing these people's talk helps our future life. This may give us valuable things than earning money. Therefore I think that it is important for college students to have a part times job.


I think it is important for college students to have a part time job. First reason is that they need more and more money for various things. For example, clothes, CDs, DVDs and of course textbooks. But they cannot get money easily. So they will know the importance of money, and acquire the sense of money. Second, they will make many friends if they have a part time job. They will be able to learn the way ob communication with other people. Third reason (I think this is the most important reason. ), college students should have experience the labor before they start to work in society in the future. Through a part time job, they can learn the behavior and words toward their boss or seniors. If they work as home teacher and so on, they will be able to become more intelligence with their students. If they work in a first food restaurant and so on, they will learn the behavior that make other people feel good. To be sure, some people say that they cannot have their own free time. And other people say that they have to be to blame for their work. But it is necessary to try to overcome those difficulties. Thus, it is very useful to have a part time job. So I agree to this subject.


I think it is important for college students to have a part time job. They should try to understand our society more and more. So they can know a part of this society to have a part time job. Now I have a part time job. I work at kaiten sushi in Osaka. I work there for half of year, but I could know many things. The things I knew are three subject. First, I could know importance of the money to stand on my own feet. Before than now, I have received money from my parents. In those days, I thought it is a little. So I always thought that I want to get much money. Now I work to get much money. So I can do many things. But I understand to get a lot of money is very very difficult!! Second, I can communicate many kind of people. In my college, I am not able to communicate varies people, because the college students are similar. But in my workplace, there are many kind of peple. For example, the one man is high school student. And the one woman is musician. And the other man is the elderly. Finally, part time job is not real bussiness. So schoolwork and a part time job are compatible with each other. College students must study the first. So a part time job is the best work.


I agree this topic. I have three reasons for this opinion. First I think that part time jobs are studying of society. College students will become members of society. We have to accustom to working. It is important to experience for work. If we college students have got a part time job once, I think when we get a job, it is easy to work. Second we learn the community of society. If we don't get a part time job, we have only the community of school. I think that we college students have to have several of communities, and we improve our sense of value. Then we will do well when we are employed. Finally we college students have to start to independence from our parents. Because by get a part time job we earn some money. In the money point we remove our parents from responsibility. We need some money for playing eating and so on. We have to thank for parents, so it is good to earn some money by our own. We also can independence from parents in the side of mind. I think we are able to grow up by working. Therefore I think it is important for college students to have a part time job.


I agree with this idea. We can learn various things for part time job. First, it is important for a part time job to save time. We must not be late for the job different from meeting friends in school. If you were late for the job, you would trouble others. And you may lose your confidence, too. By working a part time job, I think, we can ready to go out strictly society in near future. Second, it is important for a part time job to use money. Through we are experience how we get money, we don't spend too much money more than need and you found importance of parents. Also you can buy wanted things and become happiness. Third, it is important for a part time job to learn human relations. For example, it is how to use respect words. We can be learned various things by others without relating age. College student is adult. A part time job is a place of experience. We should think how we should move in working and we would like to move more than now. If we become adult in society, we would like to use our experience. All of this I think college student should work various part time jobs.


I think college students should have a part time job. Of course, I'm sure that college students' work is studying, but there is some reason. The first reason is that they have known about the society yet. They must work as a member of society one day. Before they get a job, they should learn social skills, and be taught how hard living in society is. Students which were always studying in their high school days should do so, including me. I also don't have social skills at all. Especially I have difficulty in talking with other people, so I want to become good at it. I think that the ability to talk with other people is required anywhere in society. Second, they should learn how difficult earning money is. Till now, they have been always using money, and able to get money from their parents. One day they will have to get money in their own. To prepare for it, college students should have a part time job as soon as possible. I have been having a part time job since I had entered the university. Before I entered the university, I thought that money appears naturally whenever I wanted it. But I was making a big mistake. I realized that earning money is very hard and I must not waste too much. Anyway I really agree to the opinion that college students should have a part time job.


I think that it is important for college students to have a part time job because college students only study but also experiment a lot of situation. A part time job has the things that I do not get in the college life. I talk about me. I have the part time job in Book off. I learned a lot of things. For example, I learned that being said Thank you is more pleasant than I think. I learned importance of money and do not use little money than the time which I am a high school student in. I learned how to use correct Japanese languages and how to deal with a register. I communicated with all kinds of people and I increased the chances that I talked with old people in. I knew a lot of things and I increased friends. If I do not have part time job, I do not learned a lot of things and increased the time which I do nothing. But, I think that it is bad to work part time too much and not to study. I think that a working student should work part time moderately. So, I think that it is important for college students to have a part time job.


I think that it is vary important for college students to have a part time job. One of the reason is that college students spare a lot of money to buy some clothes and to play with friends and to do what you want to do. In particular, in the case of a student who lives alone, he also must pay bill of meal, electricity and so on. College students have to get much money. Another reason is that the experience that you did a part time job will be useful when you get an official job, and you can be used to doing a job and have a confidence about work. So, you will be able to work efficiently. In addition, if you have a part time job, you have something to do with more and more people and you learn how to touch each other and you will make friends. Moreover with what you learn in a part time job, you can live a college life. So you can have a good time than ever. Because in terms of part time job, you can understand the difference between college and society, you can spend college life, considering you should learn something in order to play a good part in future.


I am agreement with most of statement. There are two reasons why I agree this statement and one reason why I don't agree this statement. One reason is that college students need a lot of money because they have to buy many expensive tests and pay the cost of living, for example, to go to their college or to eat, and they spent their money on joining club activity or going to party. If they want to live enjoyable life without much relying on parents, they make a lot of money by a part time job. Another reason is a part time job may enable them to experience the social life and learn what is really is. This is because money which they had spent on buying their clothes and going to play and so on was earned by their parents, so they don't understand the value of money. And, having a part time job help them to understand it. That is why it is certain that I agree this statement, but, of course, the most important thing for college students is to study what they want to learn. Therefore, they should have a part time job without forgetting to study. This is the only point which I don't agree this statement.


I think that it is important for college students to have a part time job. I have two reasons to think so. First, we can get money to have a part time job. In college, the number of students who live alone is larger than in high school or in junior high school. We can get some money from our parents, but it is not enough. We must pay lental house charge, light charge, gus charge and water charge. We also have to pay breakfast, lunch, dinner and so on. In addition to this charge, we need to have clubs or play with friends. So, it is not enough for us to get money from our parents. It is necessary for us to get money. Second, we need to learn what job is to do a part time job. College students have more time than high school students. It is very efficient to do a part time job in that time. We will be social people after graduate college. We learn what society or social people is before we will be them to some degree. For example, how to communicate with other people, boss, and costomer, how to deal with my mistakes and so on. In there, we can get some skills which we can not get in school. So, it is important for us to learn what jobs is and what society is to some degree. So I think that to have a part time job is very important for college students.


I agree with this statement, because we need pay much money in some reasons. We are adults. We should not be dependent on our parents. So, we should not bring lunch boxes which our mothers made but buy lunch boxes with our own money. But, we moreover pay money when we play in some clubs or circles. For example, I belong to a cappella circle and a gardening club. In a cappella circle, because a cappella circle members love singing songs, we often go to karaoke room in order to sing songs. We can sing songs in karaoke room with low price. So, you may think we need not pay much money, but we very often go to karaoke room. In a gardening club, we suppose to go to bars twice in next week in order to become familier with the other members. We want to get good friends. Therefore, we need to have such chances. Then we must pay much money! In this way, we need to have much money to enjoy our campus lives. To get the goal, we must get income by having a part time job. So, I agree with this statement. In fact, I am going to have a part time job.


I agree with this opinion because of two reasons. First of all, I think it is important to learn importance of money. We, majority of students, are given money, food, clothe, books... and almost everything that we should need by our parents or relatives. However we don't know that getting money is very difficult and hard, so we should have part time jobs and learn importance of money. Second, we don't know about a system of our society and rules of our society. For example, we don't know how to manage a company or we don't know importance to keep our promise. It is very serious for us because we will have to work in there after our graduation. Therefore we should learn it from part time jobs while we are students. I have a part time job too. It is a cram school teacher. I teach my students on every Tuesday, Thursday and Friday but I can get only 30, 000 yen/ a month. In fact, I am impressed that getting money is very difficult and hard and I learn a lot of rules of our society from my part time job. I feel that I could know my parent's difficulties a little. For these reasons I agree with this opinion.


I agree with this statement. Because having a part time job grows up college students. First, we can know rules of society. For example, we can learn to keep a time, keep a promise and greet cheerfully or so. I think that these rules are very important things.. Second, we can know how difficult to get money. If we know that, we will not spend money in vain. This will be a good for us when we are independent on parents and live alone. We can also know the joy of getting money on our own. Finally, we can meet a lot of people by having a part time job. Communicating many people, we can grow up. This is the fact that college students who engage in several kinds of part time jobs often can not concentrate in studying in college. But I think we should not only study in school but also learn about society out of school while we are college student. It is most important for college students to study hard. But it is also important for us to learn a rule of society. This is why I agree with this statement which it is important for college students to have a part time job unless we have it too much.


I agree with the statement. I think college students should have a part time job. First, it is true that a part time job prevents us from studying, but from part time job we can learn much more about society, economy, and how people feel when they communicate with stranger that we never learn at school nor club activities. For example, it is very difficult for staffs to satisfy customers while they may take it for granted to be dealt with kindly at a fast food restaurant. Employees have to act with responsibility during working, which skill is not gained so quickly. But in order to be an adult making society better, we have to be at least responsible for anything about ourselves. Second, we can have wonderful friends by having a part time job. In fact I started a part time job at a fast food restaurant this spring. During the job we have to speak gently, make smile and do tasks speedy and accurately. After the job I am always hungry and exhausted. Nevertheless the reason I want to continue this job is the members of stuff. They encourage me, and make me feel to be like them. They are very important for me to get over the hard jobs. We will get out into the world after graduating *** University and have to take some actions in order to make the world equally more peaceful. In another words, we need to know widely about this society and this world. A part time job is a good method for us, college students.


I agree with having a part time job. Because working is precious experience and the thing that we should have responsibility for. So we can get much useful time in it. But I disagree with having it only for getting money. Because we should study in free time. So we should work to study. For example, if one wants to be a teacher, he should work at a juku to learn to teach children useful knowledge. And if one wants to be a sports trainer, he should work at gym to study useful knowledge about sports, health, and so on and to learn communicate with many people. In the other words, it is important for us to work at the place where there is the thing that we are interested in. So it is stupid thing to have a part time job only for getting money. And when we work only for money, we waste so much time. We should have it in our minds that we have limited time. It has only four years. But if we use it usefully, four years is long, long time. So I agree with having a part time job only if we have it for studying many precious things.


I think it is important for college students to have a part time job. We should do a lot of things in our life as many as possible. When we are college students, we have free time very much. So we have chance to do a lot of things. We should have a part time job even if only one because it teach us the importance of earning and working for people. My parents send me money now, so I do not know the importance of earning and working for people. If I would not work until graduating *** University and I would start to work not as student, what happened to me? I think I could not go well in the company and the society because I do not know the importance of earning and working for people. And a part time job teaches us that it is hard and difficult to work to get money. No matter how hard we work for an hour, we often get 800 yen or so. Probably we think ONLY 800! I think, when we understand those importance, we will know appreciate my parents as Thanks to my parents working hard, I can go to *** University and learn. That may be most importance of having a part time job.


I agree with this statement. Because I think it is important for college students to study society through a part time job. For example, there are two persons. They have equal ability, but one had never worked, and the other had worked when they were college students. If you employed one of them in your company, which would you choose? Many people would choose a person who had worked. Work is more difficult than those who had never worked expected. For example relation to workers together, stress by being criticized and so on. So it is necessary for college students to have experiences of work before they graduate from college. Moreover they should know how difficult is it to earn money. When they work, and are given salary at the first time, they will very happy. At the same time they will notice how hard it to work for money is. Therefore they thank their parents for working to raise them, and come to respect them. Of course, it is to study that the most important thing for college students is. However, these experiences are also important for them. They can't get these experiences in classes of college. So I think it is important for them to have a part time job.


I think that it is important for college students to have a part time job. Because we can learn how to do in society if we have a part time job. Almost all of us do not know the manner to talk with senior people in society. So we need to learn how to talk with the senior people. Besides it is necessary for the students who live by themselves to have a part time job. Because the students who live by themselves need some money to live. They must buy foods, clothes, soaps and so on. And they must pay charge of gas, water and so on. And we can make friends with the colleagues of the part time job. And we can notice how important the money is by having a part time job. So we will rarely get to waste our money. We will think carefully when we use our money. You think that if we have a part time job, we will not get to study hard in college. But there are many people who have a part time job and study very hard in college. Because of these reasons, I think that it is important for college students to have a part time job.


I think that it is important for college students to have a part time job. I think that there are three reasons. At first, I think that college students should do what they want to do during school days. For example, studying abroad, traveling some countries, traveling Japanese, etc. If they do these things, they must grow up more than now. But they actually can not do these things. Because they do not have much money, they can not do these things. So they need a lot of money and must save for what they want to do. Second reason is to learn real societies. A lot of college students will work in offices. Then, if they do not know real societies, they can adapt themselves to real societies easily. So they need to have a part time job. Third reason is to meet people of various generations. But almost all the people are not same generation with college students in real societies, they must work in offices. If they can experience to meet people of various generations during school days, they can adapt themselves to real societies. In other word, to have a part time job is to gather experiences in real societies.


I agree this opinion because I think that college students should have chances of many kinds of experiences. There are many kinds of part time job. For example tutor, bakery shop clue, event staff, cafe shop clue etc. By experience these part time jobs, we can learn many skills and get politeness. People who want to be a teacher can know the way to teach if they experience a tutor. People who experience a shop staff can learn communication with strangers and get a manner. And college students do not have uniform like high school students. So, they have to put on their own clothes. Therefore, they need many clothes and they need a many amount of money. They should be dressed up!! So they should have a part time job. Surely the most important thing that college student should do is studying, but, to spend a wonderful school life, we need money. And now we are about 20 years old, we should not depend on parents so heavily. We are about to be independent. So we should have a part time job to make money for our pleasure. But the thing we must not forget is that we should not neglect studying by too hard working.


I agree with this opinion. Because I think that a part time job tells us many important things, for example, formal actions, manners, communication ability, and relationships with many people. One month ago, I started a part time job. I wash a lot of dishes and take some drinks and delicious foods at sushi restaurant. Sometimes, there are some high ranked persons such as a boss of a big company, a famous baseball player, or a doctor of a big hospital in this restaurant. So, I must take formal actions for them. But there are no manuals, and I have to consider how I take for them. In this sushi restaurant, there are five college students to work as a part timer. They are second or third grad, so, we can be friends easily. Especially, one girl is my classmate and my friend since last year. Several times, we went to the sushi restaurant together. Because she has worked at this restaurant since last year, she teaches me many works and rules. Through this part time job, we make good friendship. I think that a part time job tells us many important things, and I think that it can make us a good person, too. We are student now. But about three years later, we will be workers in social world. I think that I haven't prepared to be a worker yet, but now is a chance to prepare. A part time job is very important for us. It tells us many important things. So, I think it is important for college students to have a part time job.


I think it is important for college students to have a part time job. Of course for college students, study is the most important in school days and it is not permitted part time jobs to prevent students from studying. But I suspect that part time job is also one of study. I have heard from my mother following thing. A student who has had some part time job is more useful in the work place than a student who hasn't. I really agree to this. If they are going to get a job and work in society after graduation from university, I think a part time job is good method as a preparation of becoming a working member. Because they can learn a feel of the work place, human relations, and manners in the business, and so on, if they have a part time job. And these are surely helpful to actual work place. A student who knows only study isn't needed from society. Then, speaking of salary which most of college students focus on, needless to say, college students need money but they have only a little money, moreover they are able to understand the importance of money by working and earning money themselves. That's because, I think it is important for college students to have a part time job.


I think it is very important for college students to work a part time job. First reason, we, college students are almost members of society, and we are going to have to work at an organization few years later. Therefore I think we have to practice to work at an organization, and to work a part time job is the best occasion for it. If we are still in a student mood when we enter a company, we are scolded and said familiar words What are recent young men! by our bosses or superiors. For it won't be so, we should acquire manners as a member of society, how to talk respect words, and so on while we are college student who have much time. Even a part time job, when working as a part of society, we can learn those important things. Second, I think it is miserable that a college student who is close to 20 years old depends on their parents. There seem to be a member of society called Parasite single, but it is ashamed that a college student gets money from their parents. From above two reasons, I think it is important to work a part time job, and college students should work a part time job.


I think that it is important for college students to have part time job because part time job may give them precious experiences. First of all, they could know work is very hard and important. They could notice that their parents do works everyday for their family. And they may thank their parents. We can't live without works. Second, they are taught importance of money by getting salary by their self. Most of them may often save money when they go shopping because they don't want to lose the money they get hard. They may plan how to use it, for example traveling, shopping and their hobby. Third, their experiences will be useful when they get a job after graduate from their college. They could practice works in real atmosphere and know a lot of systems in working situation. Also they are given many chances to find work they want to do by doing many kind of part time job. However they have to study in college life. They passed entrance exam to study many subjects at college. But it is important for college students to have part time job, they should have part time job not to disturb their study. As a result of these things they could also use time well.


I agree that college students work part time. I think that t he working make us to acquire sociality that doesn't obtain it at school. A university student who is mentally mature t han the high school student might obtain more. Of course, th ere is a limit. We mustn't neglect our studies because of t he part time job. I think, when we work part time, it is nec essary to consider the working time. Moreover, it is one of the big reasons why university stude nts need a lot of money. The person who was attending high s chool with the uniform should buy some clothes, and the text book and the reference book are more expensive than high sc hool days because they are special. Human relations expand, and it increases association such as parties. The person who joins a club spends money on club activities, and someone h as to earn the cost of living. In these reasons for which money is necessary, there is som ething to enjoy the university. Most people who oppose the p art time job of university students will have dissatisfactio n with which these enjoyments decrease the time to study. In short, I think that the university life is massive if the b alance of the study and the enjoyment is good.


I don't agree that college students work part time. It is because two reason. In the first place, college students have to study hard. Once, they studied hard to entrance examination. Why they wanted to pass the entrance exam? It is they wanted to translate dreams into a reality. So if they want to do that still now, they have to continue studying even now. But they can't study hard if they work part time. They can't study hard because they can't take time to do so. If they work part time hard, he can't study and they fail them test. In the second place, part time job make some money. You know it is a little money, but it is a lot of money for college students. Most of college students spend money on pleasure and their hobby. Only a part of students saves money. If you spend all your money, you will have nothing. I think that young people should give themselves up to sports, studying, or club activities. Surely, money is important in our life, but it is not everything. You should not always work part time, or your heat will be satisfied. That's whyⅠdon't agree that college students work part time.


I think it is important for college students to have part time job. This is because we can get precious experience from the part time job. The experience will help us to find the job that we want to do. For example, my part time job is mathematics teacher in cram school. I like the job because teaching math makes students and me smart. I feel happy when we become smart. And I get happier when I hear thanks from my students. This is why I have become want to be a cram school teacher. And other reason for having part time job is money. We need much money for enjoy our school life. If we don't have our own money, when we have dinner with girl friend or boy friend, we take a trip with friends and we take place a party with our circle friends, we can't take part in there. But we need also time. We must study and make report like this. I think it is very important and necessary for college students to have part time job. But I think it is most important for college students to balance between part time job and studying.


I agree on working part time of university students. I have some reasons why I agree on working part time. Firstly, in university, we can study society with only books. With only books, there are many things that we don't know about real society. We had better really work part time and understand difficulty of earning money, working with many people, and so on. Secondly, we students needs much money when we do everything. We want to do very funny things that we can not do in school days, such as traveling world, playing with friends, loving girl friend, and so on. These things cost much money, so we need much money. We may rely on parents, but we should live by ourselves as diligent as we can. Thirdly, we had better make friends as many as we can make. It is the most important thing in my life and school life. I suppose that student should not study but make more friends. Friends is more important property than food, water, money and so on. So, we had better part in working part time, we should much more friends in not only university but also part time job. In such ways, let's enjoy school days and make it very significant thing.


I agree with the idea that college students should have a part time job. First, college students need a lot of money. For example, I think we ourselves, not our parents, ought to pay our tuition fee of the college. Furthermore, if you want to join a club, you have to pay an entrance fee. If you want to go shopping with your friends, money is necessary. Second, it is true that college students are very busy studying, but in my opinion, we can cope with both studying and part time jobs. These days, there are some part time jobs which we can take a day off from during the test terms. Third, to have a part time job helps you to find what you want to do in the future. There are a large number of college students who cannot decide their future plans in detail. Therefore, if you have a part time job which you are interested in, you are able to choose the most suitable job for you after graduating from the college. For these reasons, in order to get significant campus life, it is important for college students to have a part time job. I don't have a part time job now, but I am going to have a part time job during the summer vacation.


I agree that students do part time jobs. I think that working hard to get money is important and necessary. When we get some money, we can live our richer lives. Those who don't agree this might think that working declines students' studying time. And they also think that studying is students' duty. I slightly agree them. It is common sense. But I think that what is good for their lives in university is not only studying. They have to do other things except for studying. They are students in university and human beings. Human beings have to communicate with others. What they do so is what they spend money. Because they are students in university. University and high school have a lot of great differences. I think that one of them is atmosphere among its students. High school students are still childish, but university students are almost adult. So they tend to and are natural to acts in the way adults do. To act in that way needs a lot of money. So they have to work to get money. If they do not work, they have to rely on their parents' money. To rely on their parents' money completely is too bad. The money is for their living. To spend the money is rude for their parents. For these reasons, I agree that students do part time jobs.


I think that it is important for college students to have a part time job. There are three main reasons. The first reason is that many college students live by themselves. They come from all over Japan and some of them become independent of their parents in money. They have a lot of things to pay, so they need to work in order to make their living cost. Besides, they need much money in particular, because new college students must buy new textbook. The second reason is that college students can learn the social system if they start to have a part time job. A part time job is probably the first job for much of them, so they should have strong sense of responsibility. And they understand the value of money and find themselves one of the members of society. The third reason is that college students have much time. After school, they have free time, for example some people do their club activities, other people study hard. They should try to challenge what they want to do, and they had better undergo various experiences in their school days. In conclusion, I think that a part time job is important for college students.


I think it is very important for college students to have a part time job. It is because the experience to work and to get money with themselves may make the college students growing up. Angering their boss and missing their job may give them rich spirit. After they become the member of society, they will enjoy and leave wonderful achievement. If they don't have a part time job when they are the college students, some of them will be worthless people. They don't know the society. They don't know that it's importance to get money with working. Of course, some of the college students who don't work know that important view. But, many of the college students may not know. I think. Other reason of the importance of a part time job is simply. College students need much money. Whether they stay home with their family or not, they may want to enjoy the college life. It may be the play, study and love. Anyway, they need much money. So they must have a part time job. Finally, I think, it is not only the college students but also society to want the college student to have a part time job. The college students are the element of society, too. If none of them worked, society might not exist.


I think so too, because having a part time job benefits us. Through doing part time job we can learn many things we need to learn. The first thing is what we can become polite. When we do part time job, we have to work as a clerk of a store or company. So, we have to greet, talk to consumers politely. We can learn the manner which we have to get in the future. If we don't have this manner, we could not get job. The next thing is responsibility. We have to be responsible for our task, because part time job is not play. This responsibility is necessary after we graduate from college and when we start to work for company. Then, we can learn how important money is. We do hard works and get money. This hard works tell us the importance of money. It isn't until we get money we earned that we realize the really value of money. Through the part time job, we can experience our society and realize what our society is. We can become a member of our society. Moreover, college students have much free time. College is not as busy as high school. We college student should make the most use of this free time. It is best time to do part time job. For those reason, I think college students should do part time job.


I agree that. I think it is important for college students to have a part time job because two reasons. First, we must study except for academic things, too. After graduation, many of them will be pushed for time as a true member of society. But it's very hard to take part in a society without arrangements. So I think we should have a part time job as arrangements of a member of society. There are many important things which we can study only through the working. And we must know how money is precious. If we live by only parent's income, and get allowances, we can't realize real value. However we understand its value in mind, it's nonsense. Seeing is believing. We can realize it precious only own experience. Second, I think we should do something while we are college students because for many students campus life is final time which they can use freely. For example traveling abroad, to learn how to drive, however they are very expensive. So we need a lot of money. But its true value rise when we carry out from preparation of money to practice on our own. I think we can spend time efficiently this series of flow by having a part time job. 4 years is too short to waste.


I think that it is importantfor college students to do part time jobs. First this is because they have to spend much money for playing, traveling, club activities and so on. If they don't spend money for playing, they will need a lot of money for commuting to university. If you were a high school student, your parents would pay the cost when you want to buy something. But college students should not depend on their parents so much, and they should try to lead independent lives. Of course, I don't insist that it is bad for themm to receive economical supports from their parents. I just want to say that it is important for them to earn money, even if the salary is low. Second this is because they can't waste their own salary. They can learn how difficult people earn money by doing part time jobs. So when they spend money, they think carefully whether the cost is proper or not. The difficulty of earning money prevent them from wasting money. Third this is because doing part time jobs is the practice to be a respectable member of society. They will understand the rule of the society while they are working. college students are generally regarded as adults. So they have to contribute to the society. Doing part time jobs is the large part of college students duty. In order to enjoy the college life they have to work hard.


I think that a part time job is important to university students. The reason why a part time job is important is that we can experience various things and learn our view of life through experience of working. For example, I have a part time job tutoring a high school student who is my friend's sister in mathematics and science. At first I thought it easy to teach her their subject because I was good at mathematics and science when I was a high school student. In addition, I was not serious since my student is my friend's sister. But I realized that I was wrong to think it easy to teach her when I visited my friend's home and taught her. I did not realize that thinking is different from real teaching until I taught her in practice. After I realized my mistakes, I learned difficulty of teaching others and responsibility to work through this experience. Other part time job gives us valuable experience, too. That is why I think that we take responsibility for our action as a number of society through part time jobs. And I think that studying is important when we are university student, but I think that having a part time job may be important and valuable more than studying. So I want to go on trying to have a part time job.


I agree with the statement that college students should have a part time job. First there is no doubt that people who have had a part time job must be equipped with normal sense of money because such people are able to know the importance of money and would not like to waste their money. Second, college students who have a part time job are able to experience strictly of working. One reason is that as their superiors and seniors scold them they are going to begin to feel the sense of insecurity and they must be going to develop mature as person. Third they are likely to communicate with various people and learn how to get along with people particularly the service. Forth I think that the recent trend of college' students trying to have a part time job aggressively will have a good influence on them. Because by making much more of an effort to do the job well, there will be more opportunities for college students to think about the job. Last I think that having a part time job means not only getting much money but also contributing to society. For these reason I am in favor of the opinion that college students should have a part time job.


I agree with this statement. One of the reasons for this is that collage students should understand the meaning of working. For example, if we have a part time job, we need to be punctual, to care of our appearance, and to greet everyone. So we can know the manner of working, and we can act fittingly as workers. Of course, when we graduate from college, we are regarded as workers by persons around us, and we are demanded to do as workers naturally. So we have to acquire the way of polite action by graduating from college. It is true that we can learn about etiquette as persons who live in society, in college group such as club activities, but we can experience how hard it is to get money only when we work in fact. In fact, from my experience of part time job, I realize that my thought about job was so easy. If I did not have a part time job, I would go out in society with wrong thought, face to unexpected hard society and be disappointed. Therefore, some people say that part time job is a just way of getting money, but I think that it is a important opportunity for us to learn what is important to work.


I am for that students do part time jobs, for they have many chances that they spend money for mainly friends, lovers, parents and so on. As a result, they face shortage of money. Doing part time jobs has another meaning for them. It is having social experiences gotten by working in social places not in schools or at home. They will help students when they work anywhere after they graduate from their school. Until they have part time job even if they fail, they may be allowed with smile. But there are something's financial in social places, so they cannot be allowed at all if they fail. Even if they are allowed, next is nothing. Following this, students come to have large responsibility. Furthermore, money gotten by working may tell them "real" way of spending money. Not receiving from parents but earning personally may also tell them "interesting of working".  Finally, by working outside of schools their relationship is more extended and in the place where they do part time jobs, many things taught by "pre runner of life" enrich their life in the future. For all, doing part time jobs will be something's that teach students many, many things that are important when they go through variable things and have their life lively. So I am for this.


I agree with part time job of college students. I'll give some reasons why I think so. First, we can lern pactical knowledge. We usually lern technical knowledge at a college, but we don't lern practical one. This means that we can get large view. Thanks for the thing, chance of success may be very very big in the future. Second, we learn to know difficulty of earning money, understanding importance of money. Therefore, we will be able to use money more carefully. This is very useful when we have a familiy. Using money with careful may link with familiy's happiness. Third, we learn to stand on our foot. Weakness that have ever been allowed will be not allowed in society. For exanmple, I take a break when I want to take or I don't go to a part time job because I don't want to go and so on. As these weakness dissappear, our spirit will be more strong. So we can be nice person. I gave some reasons, why I think so but the thing I want to say last is following message. After all we are merely college students. So the most important thing is not neglecting study at a college.


I think it is good for college students to have a part time job. There are three reasons for this. First, it allows them to earn money and enables them to engage in various activities. May tenth, I had a part time job for the first time. I did a concert staff. I felt it was very hard. However, I learn a lot of things which I can't learn in the class. For example, I learn it difficult to earn money. I think students should develop their potential by taking part in as many activities as possible. Their potential will help them whatever you do. Second, a part  time job gives students an opportunity to learn about the real world. We have been studying various subjects at school. However, we are not able to learn about real world only at school. So, we should have a part time job to broaden our view of life. Third, a part time job gives students some stories which they talk about. When you talk with someone who you meet for the first time, you can talk an interesting story about part time jobs. You can make friend with many people. So, having a part time job is a good way to develop ourselves. I want to do several part time jobs and develop my potential. Of course, I want to get money too.


I agree with this idea. Now, I take some reasons. First, college students are going to work somewhere. And they will work full time. Full time job is very hard and tough. They have to experience some part time job to get over this. If they experience part time job, they will increase efficiency. And because they can experience various jobs, they can find what job goes with them. And they can find out some goals. Goals are very important for college students. Second, I think that college students had better earn the cost of living and school fees as much as they can. The reason I say so is that college students could choose the way to study or to work. But they choose to study and task their parents. So I think they lead a life by themselves as much as possible. Third, they can learn importance of money by working part time job. Therefore they reflect how they use some money. And they think what they want to buy is what they really need. So they will not buy what they do not need really. So I think that it is important for college students to have a part time job.


I agree with this statement. One of the reasons is that college students have to earn money than ever before. For instance, they have to buy a lot of textbooks which are expensive and they have to wear clothes which are not uniform Monday to Friday and so on. So they have to have a part time job to earn money. And main reason why I agree with this statement is that they can go through various things in part time job before they get a job. I had part time job in spring vacation. I worked as a clerk in gift shop. The shop sold gift of Sumo Tournament in Osaka. I experienced a lot of things in the job. Since Sumo is Japanese traditional sport, a number of foreigners came the shop and asked us about use of goods in English or Chinese and so on. So I couldn't speak foreign languages but I had to tell them as a clerk. Each time I explained to them with gesture. To speak with gesture is a first experience for me and this experience would not go through without I worked the shop. I experienced any other valuable things. I think that they can learn by a lot of experiences through part time job. Therefore I really agree with this statement.


Someone may say college student should not have a part time job, but I think that they should have a part time job. Indeed, it is not good that you work too hard, because you do not spend much time to study and you get sleepy during lecture. They entered their college to study. But you can get important things for a part time job, for example fun of working and difficulty of it, thanks to parents. I have three part time jobs now, wedding, izakaya and teacher for cram school. I usually work for 5 days a week. In wedding, I learned manner in cuisine of French and a job in wedding is very hard. In izakaya, I knew I liked service for guests. In cram school, I understood it is difficult to teach junior high school students English. I am proud of having this jobs. I enjoyed these. Trough these jobs, I want to enter customer relations department in future. I want to have various part time jobs, because I think college student should experience various jobs, and they should find a job which is suitable for them. Of course, it is good to work for four years. Therefore college student should have a part time job.


I think that it is important for college students to have a part time job. I state the reason now. First!! Use the time effectively! College students comparatively have more free times compared with a member of society. Time is precious if we spend the time wastefully. Therefore, we have a part time job. By doing part time job, we get money. We will be able to go shopping and to the movie by the money in next free time. This cycle make the time effective. Second!! Get money that we can use freely. We can buy many things (car, house, jewelry, clothes, bags, plane ticket, and so on) which we want no matter how it is much by the money. Third!! Learn society I think that to learn society is most important when we are at university. To learn society means that we acquire decency and learn communication with seniors or juniors in business. We can do them by part time job. Surely, a way of learning society is not only part time job. But, it is the most suitable because it is the nearest to the society on the point of business. Some people may argue that we neglect study. I think so too. But there are many merit of supplementing it. So, I agree to have a part time job.


I agree with this statement. Because I think that I did grow up through my part time job. My part time job is to contact with other people. So I must explain the content of the contact to many people very clearly, shortly and briefly. And it is out of the question to say non collect things. For the first time, I found the importance and responsibility to what I say. And I also learned the difficulty of making myself understood, and I always need to think if what I try to explain to others is what they want to know truly. Or I have to reform what I want to say to what ordinary people understand easily and comprehend other's saying exactly. Unless I cannot, they don't get good explains they want, so they don't think they want to contact with me. Of course, at first, I could not do it perfectly, but now I can (sometimes others and I also cannot understand what I say ). Thus, I believe that I learned many things from my part time job, and my work team's other staffs who help, advise and teach me. These experiences will help me in the future when I actually work as an office worker. So I think it is important for college students to have a part time job. But needless to say that it is not good to consider doing part time job is much more important than study!


I agree the idea that it is important for college students to have a part time job. Certainly, some people disagree this idea and think college students should spend the time instead the time of a part time job. But, I have three reasons of agreement. First, I think a part time job makes my independence. I notice the independence of money by earning by myself. So I thank my parents since I started a part time job. Second, I made friends for a part time job. There are fifteen college students and four students of all students are students of *** University. All people get along with well. My teacher said me, Why don't you do a part time job of teaching? Teaching is high salary. Indeed, my salary of part time job is 900 yen an hour. But I'm satisfied with my salary because I can make friends of various university. Finally, I noticed the real independence of word 'Arigatou!!'. My part time job is waiting on customers. Before I started my part time job, I thought I can't speak my customers well. But I could speak my customers now. And I could notice the independence of 'Arigatou!!'. If my customers don't say anything when I bring dishes to my customers, I feel dislike and uneasiness. If they say me 'Arigatou!!', I'm very very happy!! So I want to service the customer well more and more!! This experience makes me say 'Arigatougozaimasu!' in other stores. Therefore I agree this idea very much!


I agree to the idea that it is important for college students to have a part time job. I write reasons for the agreement. First of all, students who have not worked and have only studied can experience that it is difficult to earn money. They who have gotten money from their parents up to now can learn the severity in the society. Second, students can pay their school expenses and transportation to and from school by themselves by having a part time job. Their parents' expenses for them are lightened. To be sure, their study time decreases by having a part time job, but they can get precious experiences. For my case, I have worked at the Izakaya of Umeda for a year. At first, I can not do almost nothing. Only one thing I can do is to serve foods and drinks to the guests as said. But now, I can do various things. For example, I can make drinks, teach a junior partner and manage time in the feast. I felt my growing up in one year. In addition, I could make many friends. Now, I can pay all my school expenses by myself. Like this case, I think that it is important for college students to have a part time job.


I agree with college students have a part time job. Because I think that is a way to stand on oneself. First I think people must earn money that to pay for one's hobby, cloth and meal (lunch or dinner) when they become college student or graduated from high school. I think people who graduated from high school is enough adult to be independent of their parents and to earn one's money. Those people will (or must) learn to earn money in public by oneself from part time job. In that case we don't put a strain for our parents and we can pay money as we like. Second we can work in society. We had less chance to work in public. We don't know how to work in society and to communicate with people who haves same job (but they don't same age). We can learn what about working to earn money in society and we have responsible for our job. And we can learn how to communicate with boss, colleague, business connection and customer. Thus we can learn these things before we become member of society. For the reason of two things, I think part time job is useful to learn work in public for college students. And we can make time class, study, club and so on, if we have part time (not full time) job. That is why I agree with college students having a part time job.


I think that college students should have a part time job once. We are going to have a good experience for their future by having a part time job. Part time job is a good experience for to become a member of society. We can experience social responsibility and strict in advance by having a part time job. These experience is good effects our future. And, because school days, we can have a many experience. If there are interesting, we should do it. Even if there are not interesting, we should have a part time job to find sense. But, we become students to study. We should study. If we take all the time in school days to part time job, we could not study enough and it is bad effects for our future. It is wrong that you have a part time job without study and only study without have enough experience. We should have a part time job and we also should study. So we should use time efficiently to study and have a good experience. Using time efficiently is also necessary to become a member of society. So I think that college students should have a part time job.


I agree with the statement. Because I believe that college students should experience a lot of things. In order to live in this world, you need some ability. And it is experiences that give you them. Part time job provide you with not only money but also experiences. For example, when you success in the job, you can get confidence. When you make some mistakes, you can have a chance getting any solutions. And they will be your skills to do well in this society in the future. Of course there are many things you cannot experience through part time job. But you will earn money. You could do a lot of things as trip, studying abroad, shopping or love. Part time job is just kill two birds with one stone. for college students because not only above reason but also you have time and you are free. That is to say you give time and freedom. Why? I believe that society give you the last chance to fly away into the severe world. So you should experience many things to do well in this society. This is important. And I think the best way is Part time job. Therefore I agree with the statement.


I think that it is important for college students to have a part time job. There are two reasons I think so. First we need much money to spend our life, for example, buying some clothes or playing with our friends or commuting from our home to our college and so on. If we don't have a part time job, our parents have to pay for doing that. We owe spending our school life to our parents. The much money we use without having a part time job, the more trouble they have. Second I think that having a part time job become very nice experience for us. We didn't have so much time doing it because of club activities or study for entrance examination. Now, we can make more time before. Doing it helps us study about society and something helping us some day. Some people may say that we don't need doing it because we can learn it after we graduate college. But I think that we need many experiences through having a part time job during we are college students because there are many things we can't do after we leave in society. So I think that it is important for college students to have a part time job.


I agree to the statement that it is important for college student to have a part time job. First, when we are college student, we have much free time. So we can do many things except to study. For example, buy something, go to a trip, play with friends, and get a qualification. And if we want to do them, we need some money. But we should not always rely on our parents about money. We should work a part time job to get money ourselves to do them. Second, it is very valuable experience for us to work a part time job. We don't know in practice what to do in a job. But we can experience it when we have a part time job. We will have to choose what to do in the future. It is very difficult and important for us. To work a part time job may change our view about a job and helpful to choose it in the future. Third, we can practice how to do in society in a part time job. We need to learn how to do in society. But we can not learn all of them in college. And if we learn them after graduation, it is little late for us. So we need to have a part time job, and practice them. This is the reason why I agree the statement.


I agree this statement. First of all it is because the college student should not only study. I think that it is important for the college student to experience part time job when he or she works in society in future. But, if the college student neglected studying, it is putting the cart before the horse. The balance of studying and part time job is also studying. I think that part time job is the first step which he or she experiences society. So, he or she will have various experiences, but those all are called society. If he or she don't such an experience and come out in society, he or she will be instantly confused. Therefore he or she should have such an experience as soon as possible. Second, probably most college students had gotten allowance until now. So, he or she understood difficulties of earning money. If he or she works at a part time job, he or she will be able to understand correctly the importance of money and difficulties of earning job. If he or she does so, he ore she will not waste instantly. Naturally there are other various opinions. It is sure that there are bad points in which studying tends to be neglected etc. However he or she will get things beyond them. From the above statement I agree this theme.


I agree with this statement. We college students should have a part time job. One reason is that we need much money. If we belong to some club, we often hold a banquet. And we sometimes go shopping and take a trip with club members or friends. We spend much money on many things. If we don't have enough money, we can't enjoy a precious campus life. We can only enjoy it once. Another reason is that we have to experience many jobs. We will get some job in the future. For this, we have to experience many jobs and know how working is and how we communicate with fellow workers and seniors. Unless we don't gain enough experience, we may fail to some job and not communicate with people well and lose some job. We are already eighteen, nineteen or twenty. We are not children. We are adults. We should not depend on our parents. We have to live our own lives in the future. So, we have to become real adults. However, there are some problems. Firstly, we should not have too many part time jobs. These may make us tired and we may not study. Secondly, we have to select a right job. We should not have a part time job which we fit with. If we know these problems, we can enjoy a part time job.


I agree that college students have part time job. It is because their parents pay much money for them to college. So college students work themselves and if they want to buy something, they should buy it themselves. They do so; they can start to independent from their parents. After they graduate college, they must work. So I think that they should feel severity of working. Someone who disagree that college students have part time job say that studying is more important than having part time job, but I do not think so. It is sure that studying is very important. But having part time job is also very important. For example it teaches them importance of money. Importance of money can not be taught them in school. If college student wants to have part time job, I never stop. But if he or she stops studying because of fatigue of part time job, I advise him or her to retire from this job. It is because it is not enough human to live in society that he or she can only work. I think that studying is the most important job for college students. And I think that having part time job is also important thing for college students.


I agree with the idea that college students have a part time job. I have two reasons about the opinion. First, I think that most of college students are about 18 years old. So, we are enough old to be independent with our parents about money. Until I was high school student, my parents gave me money to play with my friends and buy clothes. Because my high school banned to have part time job. So I can't get money by myself. But, in our college we are allowed to take part time job. I think we must do our own things by myself. We will have to be independent from our parents someday. Second, to have various social experiences through part time job is very important. My parents work every day for us, but we don't know how hard to work every day is. We have to understand how hard and appreciate my parents. And, we can contact with people that have different ideas from us through part time job. We had better to have various ideas and experiences to become decent people. We will have new idea from work. More ideas we have, more decent we are. So I agree with the idea that it is important to have a part time job.


I agree to students having part time jobs. Because students can learn many things by having part time jobs Firstly, students can learn real society by part time jobs It will never be studied at school. By learning it students gradually become adults. Secondly, a part time job can be improved student's communication skill. In the place there are many persons who are different from age and character. To work with various persons is certainly improved student's communication skill. Thirdly by a part time job students can learn importance for money. Until now we get money for our parents. So to get money by yourselves is improved your sense of value for money But a part time job is not only good. For example, some students may work part time jobs too much to have times to study. Some students may work part time jobs too much. They don't have times to sleep. They may sleep in the lessons and don't follow the lessons. Not to do it we have to get along with college lifes and part time jobs. It is important for students to study in the college and work part time jobs And I think students enjoy college life.


When you are asked what you do a part time job for, Can you find more reinforced word than money? Needless to say, earning money is what part time job is all about. Demerit is only that there some possibility you can use that time more meaningfully, or that you will not have much time to sleep well. But when it come to Japan university student, who are most likely to lead a rough life this weak point is meaningless. So in term of this, part time job is most useful for university student. Aside from earning money, part time job has some merits. Of course, it is small in comparison with the first one. But if you do various job, it might become bigger fortune than real money. It is a social experience. This is not thing you can get immediately, and difference of people whether they have it or not is clear. But no one choose the job by this merit. Easiness and per an hour salary is most important to select money making place. So this is merely incidental merit. That is to say whether part time job is important or not depend on whether you have enough money or not. So for most of student, it is important, but if you had enough money, you should do anything but part time job.


I think it is important for college students to have a part time job. The reason is that we must not completely depend on our parents permanently and the time which we are college student is the chance to independence from our parents. There are a lot of college students who lives far away from their parents. They must do all things for themselves. If they don't have a part time job they depend on their parents to have the money. That is burden for their parents and they are limited their movements when they are free. Certainly it is difficult to earn all money to live from the part time job but they can earn a part of money to live. I think that is the first step to independence from parents. Other reason is that if we have a part time job it is advantage when we have a permanent job. I think to work as part time is a study and when we work in the near future the experience will help us. Furthermore if we work as part time we meet a lot of people. That is also important for us. In these reason, I think that to have a part time job is important for college students.


I agree with the idea. It is because that working at part time job is very good chance to learn a lot of things. For example how to communicate with people at official situation and how hard to get money is. Although there are many people who disagree with it because working at cram school or home teacher is too high wage for college or university student, I don't think so. There are two reasons. At first, working at these jobs will be very good and rare chances to learn how to teach or tell other people what they want to teach or tell. Next, I think that too high wage is not totally wage but hourly wage. Generally speaking, because college or university student have to attend a lot of class, they don't have much time for part time job. And they need so much money to play with their friends or to buy clothes. Especially, students who live alone have to get a lot of money to pay fee for house, energy, gas, and so on. Even though they do high hourly wage jobs, their totally wage will fit their life style. College or university students are likely to have more time when they are free for classes than high school students. They shouldn't use the time to do nothing or sleep but also should use it very effectively. It usually means to do part time job or to study. So they should study in college or university and do part time job out of there.


I agree with that idea. Of course it is the most important thing for college students to study what they will use in their future, such as their majors and common senses, and I think so, too. But I also think that it is important for them to experience various things. Most of those who have a part time job can gain not only money for their work, but also what is important to live their lives, such as the way to communicate with people and to know how important it is to be responsible for what they do or say. Moreover, while most of us have to choose our own jobs which we will have done until we become around 60 before we graduate from the colleges, we have too little information to do so when we enter them. Therefore, to make up the shortage of it, they should have it. However, it is also the fact that there are many students who spare too much time and don't study hard. We must know that it costs more than we are paid for our own work to have a lecture. So I think that they need to think more seriously about how to use time including studying, working, playing and so on.


I agree with this statement because I think that to have a part time job is precious experience. If we had a part time job, we could experiment rule of society and difficulty of earning money. As an other reason, college students need much money. For example, some students live alone, so they cost much money at lighting, heating, food, water expenses and rent and so on. Therefore it is important for college students to have a part time job. When I high school student, I had experimented three kind of part time job. As an end of first grade, I began a part time job. It was a restaurant. Sadly, I quitted this job only three months because of the trouble about relation of owner. Next spring vacation, I had had a part time job. It is a arrangement of the good in the shed. It was also short time job. From next May, I had worked at Tounichisuisan which manage distribution. Hourly wage was 850 yen. It was a rare case for high school students. Because it is general case for high school students that hourly wage is about 750 yen. I had worked there about ten months. I learned many things through these experiments. It is important for working to communicate well at work. Working is very hard over my expectation. I realized that money and time is so important.


I agree that college students have a part time job. First reason, it is good for employers. College students have much advantage to be employed. They have more free time than others. They have strong power and high intelligence. And, they have strong eagerness which they want to get a job. They are great working power, which they have high potential ability. And, part time job is low cost relatively. Many companies want low price working power such as part time worker. It is good thing that many college students contribute working power to society. Second reason, it is good for college students economically. Many college students need much money for various reasons. If they work part time job, they get wages in short time. It is natural that college students begin a part time job. Third reason, it is good for college students to experience works. College students are located in front of adults. Part time jobs get for them to experiences of works. If they have experiences of part time job before they get a normal job, they can get the job smoother than without them. It gets advantage for college students to get the job. They are why I agree that college students have a part time job.


It is important for collage students to have a part time job. I think if collage students do want to study major subjects they shouldn't have a part time job. That is because if they learn collage's study perfectly, they can not have time to have a part time job. But I think some students can manage to do the two things. Probably, such students will not be blamed, and they will spend their collage life with a sense of fulfillment. A lot of collage students live alone. So they must make ends meet with money which their parents give them. I think such students must have a part time job to lessen their parents' burden. By doing that their parents will be glad. And some students have a part time job to merely gain money to play. (perhaps it applies to me. ) But the purpose most of collage students in Japan have a part time job is it. They often say that American students have a part time job to gain school expenses, and Japanese parents spoil their children too much. Exactly I think so. I neither agree nor disagree with collage students have a part time job, but I want them to use the money which they earn by working not only themselves but also their parents.


I agree with this statement. There are three reasons why I think it is important. First of all, through a part time job we can experience and learn many things which we can not in our school life. When we graduate the college and get a job, the experiences is very important. Second, we can really learn the importance of money. Almost all of us have lived using money which our parents had earned. We might take it granted that we have money and can use it. We know getting money is very difficult. However we don't know how difficult it is in real sense. We can not learn the difficulty until we have a part time job. When we experience the difficulty, we know the importance of money for the first time, and we begin to thank our parents. Third, college students have many free times. Of course studying is the most important section of students. However, I realized the fact; even if, we study very hard, we have more free times than when we were high school students. Now, I don't have any part time jobs. When the classes are end, I don't have what to do, and go karaoke, boring or so on. As the result money disappears from my wallet. If I have a part time job, I get money and I don't have any times to use money. It is just like killing two birds with one stone.


I think it is very important for college students to have a part time job. I think there are two reasons for this opinion. First, all college students need money. Some studnts earn it to save money, some need it to live themselves, and so on. I think it is very important for men to save money because they need money when they get married and it is generally man that pay wedding money in Japan. And college sudents have to go school with their own clothes. I think almost students wore a school uniform when they are high school student, so they wore same clothes every day, that is a school uniform, and they must not be troubled with clothes. But now they have to wear different clothes every day, ofcource some people may same clothes, so they earn money to buy clothes. People who belong a club need it to buy the club goods. College books are high cost, so we need money to buy it. > Second, we can learn social rules and common sence to have a part time job. This is a thing that we can't learn through college. I think all people should experience part time job at least one, so I want to have it early because I have never experienced it. These are my opinions.


I think it is important for college students to have a part time job. I have some reasons why I agree with this opinion. First of all, many college students need money. Especially, I have little money because I am living alone. I have to buy foods, furniture, drug, and so on with my own money. Second, I will be able to learn many things, which we can not learn at college if I have a part time job. For example, I will be able to learn about courtesy. This is more important for me than school education when I become a member of society. To be a useful person in the future, it is indispensable to have a part time job. Third, I will be able to find that money is important. Now, I use the money which my parents. And, I waste money. However, I save money when I use the money which I earn with spending herd time. So I come to be thankful to parents. From those reasons, I agree with this opinion. However, I do not have a part time job now. So I am going to find a part time job which suitable for me by summer vacation. Thank you.


I think it is important for college student to have a part time job. First, we need to get some enough money to live. In my case, I have to pay costs of rent and school expenses by myself. So, I need to get a scholarship and work for going to the college. If you don't enough to earn your rent and school expenses, you must need some money. When you want to go abroad and get a driving license, for example, you have to get large money. You must have a part time job to wish your hope. Second, part time job is useful for your future. I have two part time job. One of my job is a restaurant's staff, the other is a teacher. Managers of both are good friend of mine. So, they teach me about the management, a social situation, their experience and so on. There is a lot of learning from their talk. In addition, to have a part time job is to become a working member of society. So, when we think about our future, the experience of part time job is useful. Moreover, we can learn some social common sense. That is why I think having a part time job is important for college student.


I think it is important for collage students to have a part time job. I had three part time jobs for a while. One is in a yakiniku restaurant. The other is in a yamucha restaurant. Another one is a cram school teacher. I learned a lot of things at each other part time jobs. First, I learned the fun of working in yakiniku restaurant. The restaurantkeeper taught me how to deal dishes to customers gently. And, I got many good friends there. We are good friends after I resigned there. And, I got my voice loud because we always say Irassyaimase!, Arigatougozaimasita! to customers. Next, in yamucha restaurant, I learned how to dish up. It was precious time and it was fun to me. I always did't make dinner in my house, but I got to make dinner after I learned how to dish up there. Lastly, I learned it is difficult to teach to someone in the cram school. We teachers should think about how to teach to easy understand for each student. It sometime makes me confused but it made me maturity. Like this, part time jobs teaches us a lot of things for alive. And, it is fun to buy something you want by paying money you got after you work. We can learn sociality by having part time jobs. So, I think it is important for collage students to have a part time job.


I agree to this opinion. Because having a part time job teaches college students important things. First, we can know worth of money. In fact, I think that it is difficult to get money by having a part time job. When I was a high school student, I spent money given by my parents. But then, I didn't know worth of money, because I didn't have a part time job! Second, we can know social manners. In my case, I became polite, because my part time job is service job in a restaurant. But, I can't learn many social manners in college. So, having service jobs teach us how to contact with other people. I think that this experience will be useful for me after I graduate this college. Third, we can get skills. In my case, I can get cooking skills. These skills are very useful for me living alone. We will be able to get various skills by experiencing many part time jobs. By these reasons, I think that it is very important for college students to have a part time job. But we have not to forget that we are college students, and we have to attend classes in college and study hard.


I think that it is important for college students to have a part time job. Part time job gives us not only some money but also very precious experience for our future. I have worked at a SUSHI shop for 4 years. Tasks teach me a lot of things. For example, I learned manner to superiors and customers. It is so useful when I get a job. And I got good relationship with coworkers in the shop. I always enjoy talking with them after working. There is much kind of people (such as high school student, college student, housewife and so on) in my shop, so I can listen to various stories from them. Their stories are to my benefit. We can't get these things in the school. I could change myself from myself before the part time job was started. But if I take a lot of time for the part time job, I am not able to study regularly. However, part time job is very important; the most important thing is studying for us. I will keep working part time job until I graduate from my university, but I will take care the way of using the time. I want to cope with both study and part time job.


I agree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part time job. Because it is not only to give money but it is one of the social studies, I think. Almost of college students can get money that they need to live from their parents. So I think that we don't need to have a part time job for getting money. I don't have a part time job now. But I can live enough now. And, college students have to study. But to have a part time job is not only for to get money. It is good social studies. It makes me thinking to get money is what and work in the social is what. And, we can learn social rule, way of talk, and more. For my example, I had a part time job in YAKINIKU restaurant. My work in the restaurant is service customer. I learn how to talk to customer and rule of meal a little. And the restaurant has many foreign customers, so I can learn English in restaurant well. Part time job have many what to learn and is very good social study. So I think college student have to have a part time job.


I think it important for college students to have a part time job. There are four reasons. First, to have a part time job is helpful to know the society. Most of the college students don't work. So they don't know the way to live in the real world, for example how to earn money, how to act manner, and how to communicate with the unknown people. These skills are very important. Second, to have a part time job is helpful to know how hard to earn money. Probably, they lead the comfortable life because they get the money from their parents. Generally, such life doesn't teach them how important money is. But they have a part time job, they got money from themselves. So they can understand how hard to earn money. Third, they can predict the roughly future. For example, a college student has apart time job in one company. So he would know the mechanism to run the company and to earn profits. Moreover, he could see old men whose he in the future may be alike. So he can predict the future and know the future's trouble concretely. The final, they can get great confidence. It is true that to have a part time job, because their main aim is to study in college. But they achieve it, so they can get confidence that is helpful for leading life. By these reasons, I think it important for college students to have a part time job.


In the case of this question, apart from issue which we need money or not, I think that it is not the most important for us to have a part time job. But I am sure that in college life it might be important to do in some degree. Even if we need so great money, money is especially and useful to live. Therefore, there is no reason for not having a part time job. In other opinions, to have a part time job is practical for our experience of life. Surely, it is important to have a part time job in order to experience a society. But, I think that in college we should make effort to learn various things. If anything, I would like to have general knowledge and expert skill through my college life, since I entered the department of applied chemistry in Technology. To be honest, it is now so difficult for me that the special knowledge of technology is very wide, deep and complicated. Therefore, I think that it is more important to learn hard, than earn money, for my sake of work as a scientist in future. Of course, I profess myself to fond of earning much money.


I agree this opinion. This is because I think that we should have some social experiences while we are students. In my case, I teach various subjects to junior high school or high school students, so I can come to get along with in good means. I can not only get along with them, but also have experiences to talk to their parents. In other words, I can "encounter" various social circumstances. Moreover, by having a part time job, we can recognize the importance of money. And, in my case, I came to have a responsibility to money; for example, the way to use money, to think to money, etc. But, the most important thing is to understand the border between study and my life, part time job or playing. As we are college students, it is not until we precede study that we should have a part time job. When we became college students, we tend to neglect study. But, university is not a place to play, but to study and actually we have studied hard to learn many new scholarships at university. I agree that we have a part time job after understanding the "policy" of students.


I agree with the statement. Of course, college students must study hard. However, I think a part time job has some advantages. I will show you advantages. First of all, I think it is not good that college students completely depend on parents for money that is used by playing, because almost college students are more than 20 years old. They are adult, so they should prepare for independence. So they should try to play by only using money that they earn by a part time job. There is advantage that college students can independent. Second, a part time job makes you notice the importance of money. When I did not have a part time job, I usually waste money on buying unimportant things. However, I have a part time job now, I cannot waste money. When I go shopping, I think carefully the goods which I want to buy are really necessary. And I get to save money for future. There is advantage that not only you notice the importance of money but also you can find new use for money. Finally, you can meet many people at workplace. For example the boss, senior, company, customers and so on. When you talk the boss, you must be polite. When you talk to customers, you must answer with polite words. There is advantage that you always be able to be polite unconsciously. On the other hand, when you talk to company, you may find new of life. You may be able to find good friends who you cannot meet at college. There is advantage that you can broaden your horizons. So I agree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part time job.


I disagree with that it is important for college students to have a part time job, because I think studying is the most important thing for college students. I don't think to have a part time job is bad, because I think earning money by ourselves during college students is good experience, besides we can make friends with person who go to other school or who is another age. However, I think if we cannot study so much because of their part time job, we should not have a part time job. The thing which we have to do during college students is studying. We have to work every day after we graduate college, even if we don't want to work. So I think that we don't have to work during college students. Of course, we don't have enough money if we don't have a part time job, so we may want to work and get money. Then I think we may work for a few days in a week. However, if we graduate college and begin working at the company, we will not have enough time to use for ourselves, but during college students, we have enough time to play with our friends or to use our hobby. I think there are many things we can do only during college students. I think we should use our time for ourselves and enjoy our college life. Therefore, I think a part time job is not important thing for college students.


