I agree with the statement. I think there are two points for the reason I agree. First, to have a part time job when we are college students can be a preparation for being a member of society. I have had a part time job for four years. My part time job is teaching junior high school students Math and English. I learned many important things. For example, how to talk with boss, how to deal with personal information, how to associate with my colleague. If I didn't have it, I would not have any common knowledge, sense and friend. I think I grew as a adult person compared with I was high school student. Second, it is a chance we know the importance and value of money. When I received salary which was made by myself for the first time, I thought that I mustn't waste money. Until I entered college, I used to be bought many things by my parents. It is not too much to say that I didn't know how hard we make money. Recently, many college students had a part time job. I think they also learn many things like me. So, I think it is important for college students to have a part time job.


I agree with this opinion. There are some reasons. First, it is important for college students to learn how difficult it is to earn money. If students don't have a part time job and they only study and enjoy their free time, they never experience the importance of earning money. Second, they can meet a lot of people through a part time job. In their college, people who come to the college are almost same age. Probably, there are another college student, or woman who have children, or people from other region etc. Those who can know many things that you don't know or you don't learn at your college. So you can learn not only at school but also at a place you work. Third, if you experience many kind of works through a part time job, you can learn what it is about working. And you can image how you want to work. The time that you are college students is only a few years, but you must prepare for future before graduate college. So having a part time job is very important. I think that having a part time job is as important as studying in college. If students spend much more time on part time job and they can't have enough time to study, they should reduce the time that they spend on part time job.


As one of college students, I agree to the statement, It is important for college students to have a part time job. I have 3 reasons to support this opinion. Firstly, for students to learn how to manage money. College students don't have much money, but have lots of time. So they tend to use it too much. They're not good at control it. If they work, they'll recognize the importance and value of money. And they're going to get responsibility against money. So they will never waste it. In the near future we college students have our own family. We have to manage money all on our own. We should independent and how to control as soon as possible. Secondly, for students to know the society. Now, in university, lots of students are so lazy. Some are always late for school, some often sleep during the class and so on. Thanks to having a part time job, they can know the responsibility against their task. There're many differences between college and society. In the society, rules are much stricter than college. If they don't know the society at all, they may not be able to be hired because of bad manner. So for students, a part time job is one of good opportunities to practice for the future. Lastly, for companies to save money. Now in Japan, the economic situation is not good. And the companies hire less people than usual. So they're in trouble because of lack of staff. If companies hire general people, they have to pay much money. But for students, the pay is only about 800 yen per hour. Companies must want to hire students more than general people. In conclusion, I think college students should get a part time job both for students and for companies.


I agree with this statement, and I think that college students should have a part time job. I have three reasons for this. First, they can learn a lot trough having a part time job, and it will be useful in their future. For example, I worked at a Hotel as a service stuff in banquet. Through this job I could notice that it is not easy to earn money, and I felt appreciate to my parents, because they have worked for me since I was born. If I hadn't have a part time job, I would never get such a feeling. This is one lesson from my working experience, but I believe every college student can learn something important through doing a job. So in my opinion, college students should have a part time job. Second, having a part time job gives them a lot of information about the occupation. Then if they have a several kinds of jobs in their university days, they can know what kind of jobs they really want to do in the future. I mean that having a part time job brings happy lives for college students. Third, I think students have to have a part time job, and earn money by their selves, because college students need a lot of money for trip, study, or play with their friends. However, they should not make their parents pay all of them. They should try to independent from their parents. So, they have to work in order to earn the money that they need. In conclusion, from these three reasons, I believe that having a part time job is important for college students.


I agree with the idea that it is important for college students to have part time job. Of course, college students have to study. But study isn't all they have to do. They also have to experience a lot of things before they graduate the colleges and begin to work. For example, reading books, listening music, playing sports, and trip. In regard to trip, they can go where they haven't visited, see what they haven't seen and feel something special. College students are not children but also not adults. Time during college student is time to experience and feel a lot of things. And so, they prepare to become perfect adults. For that, they need some money. They have to prepare money they need by themselves, because they aren't children. Their parents mustn't give them money and they mustn't depend on help of their parents. To use money they work and get is important. Through using money they work and get, they can know importance of money and way to use money. That's why they have to have part time job.


I think that it is important for college student to have a part time job. This is because that they can learn a lot of things through their part time jobs. For example, they work in a store, they learn that to smile is very important, and that there are a lot of types of people in the society. This is also because that their experiences which were got by their part time jobs are very useful, when they look for what they want to be in the future. They can do various types of part time jobs, so it helps for them to look for what they want to be in the future. And this is because that they cannot do a part time job when they start to work. When they are college students, they have a lot of time to do a part time job. But when they start to work, they don't have. And this is also because that to do a lot of part time jobs when they were college students will become a good memory in the future. They will enjoy their lives better by the memories. For these reasons, I think that it is important for college student to have a part time job. This is because that they can learn a lot of things through their part time jobs.


I agree with the statement because part time job gave me lots of experiences. For example, I understood following things through part time jobs. It is hard to make money because I have to go to part time job when I promised day and time, even if I don't want it. I have to keep time because if I delayed, I interrupted colleague's jobs and make bad relationships. I can't stay I'm center of the world because guests choice restaurant which they want to go, so I need to make them comfortable for they choose my shop. I learned from part time jobs how important money and to make money, to make relationship. But I learned it is makes me tired to have job at the same time. I need time to have a rest for recovery. So it is interrupt my study to have too much jobs. I agree with having a part time job but it is better to work during long vacation like summer or spring. Because student first priority is study and part time job should not interrupt their study.


It is important for collage students to have part time job. I have two reasons. One is to make money. Collage students have much time comparing with members of society. Adults often say, I have money but no time. We can do what we want to do as far as time permitted. Therefore they need money. The other is to have many opportunities through part time job. Part time job enables us not only to make money but also to make friends, have a sense of responsibility, learn manner of society and so on. As far as for me, I have had a part time job and worked at Doughnut shop for 3 years. I work from 5:00 to 9:00 and go to school twice or three times a week. Since I started a part time job, I have changed. For example, I contact with wide range people from children to old people through part time job. I learned how to talk with each people. The skill helped me at interviews of job hunting. Consequently I could receive notice of informal decision. In case of me, I sometimes travel by money I earned. I have been to India, Australia, South Africa and so on. I had invaluable experiences there. I couldn't get such experiences by pocket money from parents. But there is one thing that I may not forget. The main work for students is not part time job but study. So students must do part time job as it doesn't interrupt study.


I think that it is important for college students to have a part time job. There are some reasons. First, college students have much time than junior high school students and working people. So, college students have to use some time for working. If they have a lot of time, they often use the time for only playing. If they use it for part time job, they may get something good for their life. This is the second reason. College students can learn a lot of things that they can't learn in only the college. They can learn, for example, the difficulty of making money, system of the society, and they can also learn the feeling that they should thank their parents. Third, I think that college students should be independent of their parents, because college students aren't children, they are almost adults. It is difficult that they are independent from their parents completely, but it is important to do that in some points. One of the points I think is having a part time job. They should make money that they use for playing. If the money they can earn is small, the action can help their parents, I think. Those are the reasons why I think college students should have part time job.


I think that it is important for college students to have a part time job. There are two reasons. First, college students can learn a lot of things which they don't study at collage through working. For example, relationship, skill and manner. I have a part time job in Japanese restaurant. The work is very hard, and I often receive advises by colleague and the chief. Sometimes I am scolded so badly. I want to quit the work when the chief scold me. But they help me when I'm in trouble. In fact, I really thank them because they tell me the important things for society. And I become to have responsibility for my job. I really realize that I grew up mentality through working. It is good for me. Secondly, collage students can communicate with many people who they can't speak in daily life. In Japanese restaurant where I work, there are many housewives. I sometimes feel generation gap, but talking with them is very fun. We talk about rising children and money. They speak what I don't know. It is very interesting for me. I think having a part time job give a lot of important things for society to college students.


I think college student should have pat time job. Because we need much money at our school life. Especially for people living alone. Forexample I have lived alone since this spring in Kobe, but it costs me much money to just rend my room in apart near my college. And I must buy much vegetables, meets., fruits and rice every week at supermarket. When I live with my parents, it did not cost us a lot money because my parents are farmer. I have never bought such a many vegetables and frouits, so I feel them very expensive. And I am member of tennis cercle. We practice tennis at Osaka on every Sunday. I have to pay much fare to go there every week. In adition, I feel I want to go Sannnomiya to eat delisious lunch with my friends in the near future. Any way, we college students need much money to live good lives. However, if we are in trouble with money, our parents may rend money to us. I think we shoud not depend on our parents. I think now is the chance to learn how hard to make money, thank for parents, and be dependent of them. And we do not wastel money when we earn money on for myself. So we shoud have a part tme job, and experient many things.


I agree with the statement. Collage student had better have a part time job. First, we can learn how our society going on through a part time job. For example, we know how hard to earn the money. We realize that we should use the money for what we really need. And we use things which we bought with our own money long and safety. Second, we can meet a lot of people regardless of age and sex to have a part time job. At work place, there are many people who have various kinds of back ground. Taking with them, we can gain our knowledge for our lives. Third, we can experience so many kind of job. Such as tutor, shop clerk, waiter, waitress, and so on. We know there are many kinds of jobs in the world. It helps us to find what we really want to do in the future. And we can find a door to be a businessman. The most important thing is trying to do many jobs. We have a lot of time. So this four years is chance to develop our humanity. So I think it is important for collage students to have a part time job.


I agree with that statement. In a university, students are regarded as adults, not children. It is a big difference between university and high school. Surely, they are not prefect adults, but should try to be them. Working is good experience for them. For example, they can talk to someone they might not see without working, old man, foreigner or a man prone to be angry or make you angry. They can see what companies do for their benefit. They can do them if they have a part time job. Therefore, having a part time job is important for college students. Of course, a part time job is not an only important thing. They should study and think about their future. If they are not conscious of those experience and work for just earning money, having a part time job is not so important. I think for college students to experience many things, the part time job which you can work just one time or a few times is good. Having a part time job, they can make many friends. The friends come from different university. So they can get other university's information. University students are not prefect adults and are in the process of becoming them. To be them, they should practice, such as a part time job.


I agree with the statement. For we have most time to do what we like when we are college students, but if we grow older, we have to work and earn money, so we don't have much time to have a part time job. And we can experience many varieties of jobs by having a part time job and we learn how to get along with our colleagues, our boss and the customers or how to get over many problems. So we can grow not only physically but also mentally. But if we don't have a part time job and don't go through a lot of difficulties, maybe we often don't know what to do or how to get over something when we come to work full time. And also, many part time workers cannot earn much money, so we can understand how difficult it is to earn money to live happily and we can realize how important our parents are and we can say Thank you to our parents. And perhaps we hesitate to use a lot of money to enjoy with our friends and enjoy talking with them to save our money instead. So I think it's a necessary step to have a part time job to college students.


I think it is important for college students to have a part time job. There are two reasons. First reason is that college students need much money for their study, hobby, and so on. If they earn no money, their parents have to spend all of them, which is hard for them. Even if it is little, they should spend their own money. Second reason is that they can get good experiences by having a part time job before they start to work as adults. Whatever the part time job they choose, they can learn that how hard to earn money and the value of money truly. Furthermore, they can get skills which differ by the kind of part time jobs. For example, if they work at a restaurant, they can study how to make dishes, communicate with customer, and the management. They can also get the knowledge of flowers and plants if they work at a flower shop. In order to know the society they belong to, they need to see many kinds of things not only in their college but also out of it. Because of these tow reasons, I agree with the statement that having a part time job is important for college students.


I agree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part time job. There are several reasons. First, having a part time job is useful to know about working. College students should go through working before they work a few years later. This is because it is difficult to accustom working. Second, I think it is important that they have some relationships outside their college. They should talk with many different people and accept a lot of different values because they are closing adults. Third, it is important for them to have an interview. This is because they can know what it is like. Forth, by going through several kinds of part time jobs, they can know about what kind of work they want to do in the future. Fifth, by earning money by themselves, they can buy clothes, bags, shoes and so on, they can travel or study abroad and they can store money for them. Sixth, they have a lot of time to do many things. So they should have as many experiences as possible.


I agree with this opinion. Because the part−time job is the chance to experience the real work. After we finished the causes of the college, we have to work in community. Then, if we don't know anything about the rules or how to behave in the communities, we must make many mistakes. When we are college students we study our own fields to get the jobs of it. But only the skills of the field, we can't use it in work. We need a lot of other abilities. For example, if we can't communicate with others, we can't express our opinion—even if it was great one. When we are college students, we have a lot of free time too. This is not only for playing but also for bringing up us. How to bring up? Talking with friends, going abroad, finding the great teacher or sometimes thinking of myself. In any way, we can get the things that help us to grow up. I think the part−time job is one of them. Through working in communities, we can learn how to solve problems, how to present our ideas, and so on   . They are important not only in the office but also in whole the life. So, the part−time job is important for college students.


I agree that it is important for college students to have a part time job. I have three reasons. First, they can have good experiences which can never get from working. For example, greeting, keeping on time and having good manners are necessary for all jobs. Part time jobs let students know these things. Those experiences should serve for their future careers. Moreover, students might be able to find their new characters or interesting affairs which they have never expected. These findings might decide their ways after graduate. Second, they can find that earning is very hard, and they may thank their parents. Third, they can make new relationships with many and various kind of people. When students start a part time job, they must jump into a new community. At college they often see near ages, but at office or store where they work, they have a many opportunities to be involved with people who can never see at college. However, some say that students who have part time jobs neglect study, and they should study if they have a time to work. It is sure that it is the part of students to study, but I think students can have a part time job if they don't reduce their time to study, because they can choose jobs from very different types. Some jobs need only one day work. Thus, I think that it is good for college students to have part time jobs suitable for themselves.


Is it important for college students to have a part time job for Japanese college students? I agree with to have a part time job. Firstly because, to experience job is also learning. Job is hard and different from school life. But you may be fun as you improve your skill. I think you can grow your mind this time. Part time job is very important. Secondly, today's economy has been worse. This influence our family's money. If you have considerate mind, you should think you earn money to lessen parents' worry about tuition fee. Almost all of my friends have part time job in same reason. Thirdly, we are in university, so we need a lot of money to enjoy something; drink party, trip, hobby etc. One of my friends often tell me to lend him money. He has a part time job, but as he spends all of his earning soon, he is always worried at the last of month. No one doesn't need money, so I think that to earn money is good.


I agree with this opinion. Because I think it is important for university students to learn social system and social manner and so on. Having a part – time job teaches them importance of moneys and working. But in college, students can't learn such things. For example, my part – time job is a home tutor and teacher in tutoring school. I teach children Mathematics and English and so on. And I mix with them, taking with them. The part – time job is very fun and, and I think that I can't experience such things in university. Of course, it is the most important for them to study. But college student will start working in society after they graduated from university. So they should have an experience in advance. Furthermore, most of them have a lot of free time. For example, I heard that some students don't have classes in Friday. So I think they had better have a part – time job in that time. I enjoy my part – time job. And I experience a lot of important things that I can't be taught in university's classes. So I think it is very important for university student to have a part – time job.


I disagree with the idea that it is important for college students to have a part time job. It is true that you make money which you use freely, but having a part time job leads to the fact that you do not have less free time. You shoud not waste precious time. You should study abroad, travel in Japan. Time and so on to broden your mind, see things from various angles, and understand different cultures. Time is money. And why do you go to a university ?You go there to earn a few allowance?The answer is no. Yout parents work hard and save a lot of money for you. They would like you to study different things deeply and be a person who work for Japan help sick people and so on. You must not lead a life for yourself but for other people. In addition, it is said that having a part time job enables you to study society. Is it true?You can not understand what working is all about from a part time work. So, I think that it is not important for college student to have a part time job. You should make much effort to improve yourself and discovery your potentiality. You need provide for the future.


I agree with having part time jobs. I have two reasons. First of all, college students are not only students but also adults. Some years later they will get jobs and start working in companies. Before this, they need to experience part time jobs and understand how hard making money is. They also need to learn a lot of things through part time jobs. Failing is a good experience. They will find the best way to solve the problem from it. Second, there are many kinds of part time jobs. I think college students had better experience some different kinds of part time jobs as possible as they can. They can notice that they are really interested in a certain kind of job and it will help them decide their own jobs in the future. In addition, that experience will be useful for their life some day. It is true that part time jobs sometimes prevent college students studying subjects in classes. However, part time jobs teach them much more important things than subjects. They can get ability of communication and patience by working in part time jobs. College students will glow as a member of society. Because of these reasons, I think that college students should have part time jobs.


I agree with the statement. Of course, it is the most important thing for college student to study hard and increase their knowledge, but it is also important for them to prepare for living by themselves during the student days. So they should try working and earning money by themselves. If they have a part time job, they can learn that it is difficult to earn money. Such experience makes them recognize strongly that they have to be independent. When they are college students, they also should have a lot of relationships with various kinds of people, and they can communicate with a lot of people and increase their friends when they do a part time job. This is another reason why I think college students should have a part time job. Personally, I want to do such a job as teaching the children who want to go to the private junior high schools, because I experienced private junior high schools' entrance examinations, and I think the experience is useful to teach such children. I think that college students should do the jobs which have something to do with what they like or what they are good at, if they can. If people feel happy when they are working, this is wonderful.


I agree with that. There are two reasons to agree that. The first reasons is that college students need to learn social systems I think. College students' job is studying. On the other hand we are also post working adults. To working part time job we can get many knowledge and we are still students we can have much experience of various sort of job. When we select our job, we can refer to that experience. As a result we can have job that is good for us and suit us. The second reason is that we need money in all sorts of ways. For example, join club activities, to go shopping, to play with friends, to buy many stationary and so on. We can have a good time every day only after we earn money ourselves because that money are made by our sweat and effort. At the end of that we thanks to our parents and we can be aware of the importance of the money. In conclusion, college students should have a part time job. If we don't have job and grow up, we become immoral adult who don't know important thing I think. Our study conclude working so being consistent is important.


I agree with the statement. There are three reasons that I agree with it. First, college school students need money to do something. For example, some students want to go abroad during summer vacation to study English, it costs a lot of money. If some students need to buy a book to study their specialty, they need to money. That is why they need money in a lot of cases. Second, part time job is one of way to know society. I think that most of college students hardly know about society. Because they have been alive in school and have not done part time job. Of course I had not done it until I became college student. I have known how hard to get money since I became part time job. I work at soup shop now. I have not wondered the difficulty of the rules in the shop until I started working here. I think that if I did not do part time job, I could not do these experiences. So students should know society before they get a job. Third, college students are independent from their parents. In Japan, college and high school are not obligation. So college and high school students should earn money theirselves. But many high school ban to do part time job. Students cannot do it. So high school students do not have to do it. But I have not heard a college which ban to do part time job. So they have to work to earn their money. That is why I agree with the statement.


I agree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part time job. There are three reasons. The first one is the fact that I learned very important things from my part time job. They are the worth of money and that to earn money is very hard thing. Without earning money by myself, I think I never really understand them. And more, without understand them, I will forget to thanks for parents that they have used very big money for me from when I was boned. The second is trough the part time job, we can meet adults who is not parents or teachers. They think we as people not children but adult who are same they. It is important for college students to understand that they are a member of the society by working. Finally, I think we must help parents by having a part time job. The money costs for school is very expensive, and more, we need money for playing with friends, joining some clubs or circles, and any other tings for have good college life. If children do not have part time jobs, parents need more money for children. We should make money which use for our fan. Because of these reasons, I think college students should have part time jobs1


I disagree with the idea that it is important for college students to have a part time job. I think college students should do what they want to do. We, college students, can do many things; studying, love, club activities, volunteer work, studying abroad, making good friendships, etc. If you want some money to enjoy such as activities, you can have a part time job. A part time job is a good way to get money for us and it tells us many important things. Getting new friends, your supervisor's anger to you will make your life more wonderful. But if you only want much money or want to buy very expensive clothes or CDs, you should watch your behavior and yourself and think carefully. Actually, we are happy to make a lot of money and spend them. But to do so, we have to spend a lot of time for working, giving up studying and many other activities. Think again why we come to college? Is it the most significant thing? No. We have many things which we can do only now, during college students. Working part time should be the way to make our campus life better, but mustn't be the purpose.


I agree with the statement. I show first reason. I have a part time job now. My part time job is in privet school. I teach science to students. My students are junior high school students. I feel junior high school science is very easy. But, my students feel science is difficult. It is very interesting. I think about them very much for them to understand science easily. I think that it is a precious experience. This experience makes me better than now. And privet school part time job is presentation practice. Presentation will be very important for me in college and society. I show second reason. Part time job allows college students get money. I got money from parents since high school. It was 5000yen for a month. But, I get 20000yen for a month now. Getting money myself is very happy. And getting money myself teach me importance of money. But, I think that part time job has some bad sides. Part time job has studying time shorter. College students must study hard. I think that rate of part time job and study is very important. Conclusion I agree with part time job because it has more good points than bad points for college students.


I agree with that statement. College student will go out into the world after several years. Some people are already working although we are same old. We have been supported for many people since we are a baby. Until elementary school we have done most of things as other people said. In junior high school we had experience many thing in club activity and committee activity and so. We were concerned with a little older people. And if you are a leader, you have to get the club together and listen all of the member's thinking. Before we go to high school, we should think your future. If you want to go to college, you should go to high school to study. If you want to be a nurse and a cook and an artist and a something expert, you should go to the school to become a expert. In high school, we experience a strict relationship with older and younger. So we develop as a person. Before we go to college, we should think about your future seriously. We think what you want to do in the future by myself. When we become a college student, we should decide many thing by myself. We should know about our society. If we have a part time job and get money, we might change the way of thinking about money and so. And you have a chance that we relate people who are quite older than me. So we experience a lot of things when we have a part time job. So I agree with the statement"It is important for college students to have a part time job".


I agree with this statement. I have three reasons for this. First, we can learn the worth of money from working at a part time job. This means that if we don't work ourselves, we can't know how hard we work to earn money or make a living. I think this is a really important thing for us in the future. Second, we students often eat lunch or dinner outsides or hung out with our friends, so we need some money to do that. But I think university students should get money on their own because we can work at a part time job. Finally, we can freely spend money we earned by ourselves. It's also important because it makes opportunities to do something new we've never done. For example during the spring or summer or winter vacation, we can go abroad to take a trip or learn a foreign language. However, we must not forget our main purpose that students should learn while in college. I think this is the most important thing. So we will be able to learn time management with checking our schedule, taking some notes and so on. That's why I think it is important for college student to have a part time job.


Part time job is important activity for university students. It is four reasons for this opinion. First, it is a great chance for university students to experience society system and to advance communication skills. Students have little chance to work and to talk many people or to attend society rule if he/she only study in university. This is the practice to communicate with people after graduation. Second, we, students join club activity and have friends. We need a little money to communicate with them. I have money from parents. But that money is for study or for food. I think I shouldn't use the money for hobby. We should earn money if we play with friends. Third, I would like to learn special skills of many jobs. For example, typing register, cooking, operating machines, or PC skill. I would like to be an engineer, so it is important to learn operating machines and PC. Finaly, part time job makes us healthy because it is good exercise for our body. We, students have little chances to play sports in university. We are able to use body in part time job. From these reasons, I think Part time job is good activity


I agree the statement. That is, I think it important for college students to have a part time job. In my opinion, there are some reasons. First, some of them must earn money as the cost of living themselves. In my case, money for rent is given by my parents' home. But, I must pay almost of the cost of eating by myself. The person whose environment is like me is being everywhere. Second, if they have enough of money, they would be able to buy a lot of things. For example, clothes, books, comics, and so on. We can buy whatever you want. Third, to communicate with other people, enough of money is precious. I sometimes go to a movie theater to see a movie with my friends. Money needs for it. Of course, money is not always needed to communicate with others. But, most of the chance, money is precious. Finally, to work somewhere is good experience. Not only college students but also high school students can work. But, for high school students, it is much more important to study than to work. And, some of college students will get a job after graduation. In that case, the experience of working is important. That's why that I think it important for college students to have a part time job.


I think that it is important for college students to have a part time job. Because college students have a lot of times. So they will play a lot, and to spend much money. Through this life, college students will think that to need to make money. Student will think to work part time job. That is to say, college students have a lot of time, and they want to kill time, and they want to make money for playing. Part time job's advantage is to get social experience. I think college student's common sense is different from social common sense. Sociality's senior relationship is strict. But college students will not know that. So they need to learn social rule. It is rare time for college student to speak to senior or elder. And working is hard. Senior may be angry about you. But sometimes senior praise about you. You become happy, so you will try your best. It is important for student to select the part time job interest you. Because it relates future and relates motivation. A rewarding job becomes people to do your best. Through these hard work, you will get result of money, so you will think money's importance. So you will become not to waste money. Through these experiences, you will growth and you find a steady job.


I agree this subject. I think that it is important to have a part time job for college student. Because colleges are not only the place where we study but also the place where we grow to be adult. It is important to communicate many people for adult. However, colleges are closed. Because we spend many times with limited people. For example, teachers and a part of friends. Other hand, a person who has a part time job meet many people every day. In society, it happens many times that it is acquired communication ability than working ability. For example, the person who belongs a company must communicate his costomar and collegue every day. If he did not communicate them, he would be regarded as a bad employee. If he has a good ability for his job, this case will happen. So, less communication ability might be a handicapped for working. We students should take a communication many other people at young time. It is clearly that college students must study. But college students are not persons who only write a sentence and calcurate a question. College students should has identity and ability to survive in society. A part time job helps college students to have them.


I agree with that it is important for college students to have a part time job. And I have a part time job. I have three reasons about it. First, college students need much money to play with their friends and to eat lunch by their selves, to travel around the world and so on. College students are free compared to other people, and they have a lot of time. So college students can do many things. So college students use a lot of money to do many things. Second we can know a lot of work of kind. We can work a lot of work as part time job. So it helps that we decide to select works in future. Third we can get personal connection. The number that we can meet people in our college is limited. And the number that we can get chances to meet other college student is few. So we can meet a lot of people with having a part time job. And men who we meet at part time jobs are a lot of kinds of people. They are different for sex, old, employment state, and so on. So we can study social statement along working as part time jobs. That is why I think that it is important for college students to have a part time job.


I agree. At first, college students need money. We want to play with our friends, go shopping and travel. When we want to do it, we shouldn't depend on our parents. So we need to have a part time job to earn. Second, when we'll have a job, it is useful for us to experience in a part time job. Even if we are a part time, consumers deal with the employee. So we can have a sense of responsibility. Third, we can have good relationship with our coworker. It sometimes helps us. Forth, we may learn skills from a part time job. There are not skills not to learn. In fact, I have had a part time job since I enrolled N. I. T. I'm working at a cram school where I studied in high school. Since I started to work, I learned many things and am learning. I can remember the academic knowledge to teach my students. I learned how to call and use Word and Excel. When I'm working, I'm wearing a suit. When I'll have a job, maybe I'll wear a suit. I'm accustomed to wear a suit. Finally, I'm enjoying working. Working is fun. If you have a part time job, you'll know it.


I think that it is important for college students to have a part time job. At first, we can develop sociability and cooperation by part time job. Now, I have a part time job. Before I have a part time job, I wasn't good at talking with elder people. I think it is because I wasn't in such an environment like spending a time with strange elder people. At part time job, there are different generation people. I could get to be good at different generation people by part time job. Second, we can learn a responsibility by part time job. Part time job is not a play. We must have a responsibility when we work. Third, we can get money by part time job. I think the most reason why students have a part time job is to get money. Money is necessary to enjoy ourselves. Of course, the most important thing for college students is studying. But I think students shouldn't just study. We will graduate from college someday, and we will work at some office. When we work, sociability, cooperation, and responsibility is very important. Without them, we will not succeed. The experience from time part job will be very useful. So I think it's important for college students to have a part time job.


I think it is important for collage students to have a part time job. I am twenty years old. Many people of the same age as me work and earn salary or keep house. Some of them even have their children and take care of them. However, I live by using money my father earns and by eating what my mother cooks, so I think I should make my allowance at least. When I was a high school student, I belonged to Wander Vogel club. The club camps all over Japan, so I needed much money. Because I wanted to make money for it by myself, I decided to have a part time job. I was busy because I should study hard too. I wanted to leave it whenever I was told off. But the experience taught me how severe working is and grew up me very much. Now, I teach junior high school and high school students in their home. Some of them don't do homework or don't understand what I say. It bothers me, but I enjoy my job thinking how to teach or how to keep their motivation, and I want to keep this job. I think to have a part time job has mean more than earn money.


To conclude, I agree with the statement : It is important for college students to have a part time job. There are three reasons that I think. First, it is necessary for college students to earn by ourselves. We grew up using our parents' money. But we will learn it is difficult that lead a life only by ourselves by working hard and earning money. And we can realize that we must thank our parents for bringing up us. Second, college students can establish human relations we can't have only in the college through part time job. In work, there are various people we can't meet in the college. I mean 'various' for different age or different career. We can learn the way to establish human relations with such people and importance of cooperating with them. Finally, college students can prepare for getting out into the world through part time job. We learn machinery and rule of society we can't learn only taking a college lecture. It is necessary for us not to fail when we get out into the world. It must help us in the future. I have one more thing I want to say : we must not neglect the study, duty as students. We have not to forget to learn as best we can what we can learn now in the college.


I agree with the following statement, it is important for college students to have a part time job. There are two reasons about my opinion. First, I think that it is important to make money for myself. I become college student and I gradually buy many things. So, I need much money but if I don't have part time job, I can't buy any things. To buy wanted things, I must have a part time job. And I think that this my opinion apply many people, so many people need a part time job. Many students have little money. Second, part time job is good experience. This experience is very useful for oneself. For example, teacher for a junior high school student is useful for teaching things. Hall staff is useful for communication with other people. Kitchen staff is useful for cooking. These experiences are important and valuable for college student when one work. If I don't experience part time job, I will be foolish people when I get work. So I want to experience part time job. This experience is not loss for all the world. And you can get a close friend in part time job. I got good friends too. When you make friends, part time job is joyful!


I agree that it is important for college students to have a part time job for four reasons. First, you can experience everything we need for the future through working. It is sometimes too hard for you to continue. But knowledge and experiences you get through working will be helpful when you go into the society. Second, you can get money. It is essential for your life. Nobody can do without it. When you get it after hard working, you will know the importance of money through getting it by yourself. Perhaps you may come to stop wasting money. Third, you can be conscious of being no longer a child. And you can feel how graceful your parents are. If you have never thought your parent's troubles, it will be a chance to think of them. Finally, you can come to know many people. Some of them much elder and others are younger than you. You can work with them and make friends with them. The friends may advise you how to live and what to do when you are in trouble. Anyway, you can broaden your sight and learn to think deeply more than when you have only friends usually around yourself. Of course you must study as a college student. And even if you are still a college student, you must work seriously as long as you decide to do the job. But mistakes will strengthen you by getting through it many times. You can practice working before you go into the society. So I think it important to do a part time job.


I agree with this statement. I think college student should have a part time job. Then, I want to express why I agree. First, college students need a lot of money, because they have many things to do. For example, to live alone far from family, to study abroad, to take part in a club and so on. In addition, they also spend much money on only learning in college. In order not to depend too much on their parents, they should have a part time job and get some money. Second, by having a part time job, they will be able to get not only money but also important things. They will be able to make new human relationships and get some new skills. Those things will surely help them when they are in trouble. Finally, if now they can learn how to work and how to earn money, they will be able to work smoothly when they get a job. Almost all of college students will start some job after graduate college, but some of them will fail in something and worry about the failure. But if they had experienced similar situations before, they will be sure to get through the difficulty. To have a part time job is very useful for them. Since, I think, to have a part time job is very important for college student. Actually I have a part time job now, and I get some money and learn many things. I want to make good use of what I learn from a part time job.


I think that the part time job plays the important part of college students' lives, so it is necessary for them. I'll write why I think so. Firstly, students can know the system of the society that they live in through the job. Nowadays, it becomes the social problem that a lot of people give up their jobs in few years. Of course, the reasons why they gave up their jobs are valuables, but there could be some people who are not able to be used to working. Though working is the one of the obligations of Japanese, those who got used to living the rich lives without working are tend not to continue their jobs. If they could know the mean of working through the part time job, they would continue their jobs. Secondly, the part time jobs give students a kind of confidence because they are given their own part, whatever they are big or small, in their workplaces. It is like club or circle's activity, but the part time job is unique at the point that those who are various age or social standpoint need them. That is why I think that the part time job is necessary for the college students. Of course, some people say that it is ridiculous for students to work for little money neglecting their duty "studying". However, I think college students do various things that they can do only in this time.


I agree with the statement, because we can learn a lot of things in working part time. First, we can see how hard we survive in our society. Working every day is very hard. And we encounter a variety of difficult about working itself, human relations in the office, binding ourselves by work and so on. When we graduate from our college, we will start to work. We can't live without effort and difficult. Second, we can earn. It's no wonder, but it's very important. If we had no money, we could buy nothing. It means that we can't have any house, any food and any clothes. We can't live without money. Lastly, we can make good human relations. We live with a lot of people and they help us or we do them. And we often have to get along with difficult people. None can live alone, so it's quite important in our life. So I think it is important for college students to have a part time job. I have actually learned the above things in working. I want to continue working unless it gives bad effect for my everyday study.


I agree the opinion, because almost students will get a job after graduating college. When they enter a company, they experience many things that they won't have done. There is big difference between company and college. That time, if they experience part time job, they will get accustom to the company earlier than not experience. Through having a part time job, students can get much know how in the case of business which the students can't study at their college. And we can get the chances that we make friends with people who don't have common points in their daily life. For many students who don't have a job, their social is college. They can make friends only through class or circle. But through part time job, we can make friends except college students and professor easily. Of course, the most important thing for college students is studying. It is nonsense to being crazy for the part time job too much and lazing studying. It is necessary to get balance between studying and working. But college time is important for young people. It is mottainai that students spend their time only to studying! I think young people should experience many things positively. Getting a part time job is one of the choices students can choose. Of course students can select another choice, for example circle activity, volunteer, getting license etc Those are important and meaningful, but we can't get money through those things. A part time job is a valuable choice killing three birds with one stone for us that we can get money, experiment, and friends.


I agree with this following statement. Actually, I have two part time job, restaurant and Kateikyousi. If I did not have a part time job, I could not live by myself. I have two reasons. The one reason is that my parents spent a lot of money helping me to enter the college I wanted to study in. In addition, I borrow a room in Kobe because it is impossible to go to school from Wakayama, my country. It also costs very much money. I don't want to bother my parents any more. So, I agree with having a part time job, rather I think that we should have a part time job. Today we have scholarship system. By this system, a lot of students pay their own cost for college from their earnings. Of course I use this system, too. The other reason is that we can get many abilities, experiences and so on. If we know only things which we learned in our college, we will not be useful when we will graduate from our college and start to work. I do not want to be that person! Everybody has to think so. I agree with having a part time job, and I recommend my Kouhai to have a part time job. I want a lot of student to agree with my opinion.


I agree with the statement that to have a part time job is important for college students. I have three reasons as following. First, they can study to be a member of society through a part time job. I think life in college and life in society is very different. When they become a member of society, they are responsible for their job. To take a step to be a member of society, a part time job is necessary. Second, they can know an importance of money. Most of the college students have been supported by their parents or other people. So, they must have not had a chance to know an importance of money or how difficult earning money is. I don't think all of them have been in such a situation. But, knowing such things is important for all students. All people can't glow up by their own power. Parents or a person who raise children earn money to raise children desperately without using it for themselves. It is very hard. Knowing their pain, we should appreciate what they have done for us. Third, working is hard, but, working is very enjoyable. For example, when we work, we contact with others and they give us thanks or we give a harvest and others praise us. Thus, we can feel challenge, grow up, and get satisfaction. With this, I agree with that statement. Having a part time job make our life fruitful!!


A part time job is loved by many people, especially by university student. Passing an entrance exam, I looked for a part time job. Since then I have done double work, and sometimes even depend on the job which need us to work one day alone. Now I'm looking for another job which is higher wage. The main purpose of having part  time job is usually to earn a lot of money to use freely, buying cloth, eating lunch etc. But many students engage in a club activity. And many students need to spend a lot of money there. I belongs to dance club in Kobe univ. In the club, we obliged to take part in competition, and we have to spend too much money. for example, fare, entry fee, and the money to drink with all the member every time. the money, therefore, vanish from hand to hand at the moment. When I was child, my mother and her friend said to me "ALL students have to do is studying hard ". Of course Ithink so too. So, instead of me, my parent pay school expences. I don't have to earn the expences. I am able to go to university to study a lot. But I think now it is time to be independent to some extent ! This is most important study for the university students. Through the part timejob, for the purpose of doing or going on what I want to do, play, club activity,.. etc, we have to work, sometimes involved in some trouble. At last, we can get money. it is vital for us to have part time job. Having part time job is filled with the elements of society, and we can get someting to survive all by myself.


I think that part time job is very important for college students. I have three reasons for that. The following passage is the reasons why I think that. First, it is because students are very poor. We have to spend a lot of money in various situations. For example, we have to buy textbooks, have lunch, and have dinner with my friends. If I live alone because my parent's home is very far from my college, the money I have to pay by myself will be very high. Second, we have to reduce my parent's expenses. The total of our expenses for my going to college are over two million yen. Our parents pay them. So we have to earn money to help them, even if they are little money. Third, I think that it is very important to know difficulties with working while we are students. We have to graduate from college for four years and work in society for about forty years. If we have never had a work time job while we are college students, we won't be able to keep up with the difficulties with working. For these reasons, I think it is very important for college students to work part time.


I think it is important for college students to have a part time job. Having a part time job may help students to choose job in the future. And we can meet new colleague, such as college student, elderly people, and high school student. We can experience some kind of part time jobs, and learn the difficulty of getting money. In fact I'm working at restaurant near Rokkomichi. I have worked there for half a year. It is a first time for me to work. I can know how to service and its difficulty. Sometimes it is hard for me but I enjoy working and servicing. I think it is very important for me to have part time job. I want to encourage college students who don't have part time job to have it. But we must make much of study, and a part time job must not prevent us from studying. We should have a part time job as far as we can. Since I have had my part time job, I have come to live actively. A part time job can not only give us money but also give us motivation for our daily life. Having a part time job is a very valuable experience in college life. So I agree that college students have a part time job.


I agree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part time job. Firstly, this is because we can get a lot of information to work. Some people may say that college students have less time to study. But I think that it is a very good opportunity as the preparation for going into workforce. Secondly, it is also true that money is necessary for our play. We need not only to study but also to play. It connects with making the interpersonal relationship known. Thirdly, to work, we find that it is very difficult to earn money. So we thank for our parents working hard so far for having brought us up. Fourthly, we get the opportunities to talk with people of various ages in a place of work. We can amplify knowledge by talking with various people. And we can take various advices from them. Finally, I think we can learn language to visitors properly, too. In those days, young people cannot use polite words to seniors. We can learn how to contact seniors. This is why I agree with the statement. And I think that we cannot become a sensible adult if I do not experience them.


I agree with this idea. There are three reasons why I think it's important for college students to have a part time job. Firstly, you should think every student from poor to rich. It cost about \1, 200, 000 a year to spend a campus life. So I think it's hard for the parents to make that money. Especially, economic statement is not so good in this age. So I think many students don't have enough money. And they have to earn money for their lives. Secondly, college students must enjoy their free time. As you know, students have much time to enjoy something. For example, trip, karaoke, club activity, party and so on. And each leisure cost a lot of money. In my experience, it cost about \35, 000 for my club's training stay in Nara last summer. I think it too expensive, but it is essential. So it depends, but many poor students must earn money to enjoy club activities. Thirdly, it gives us a lot of valuable experiences to do a part time job. For example, importance of patience, to work effectively, teamwork and so on. I work at restaurant. At there, I often warned something and learned something. And I think student grow little by little through that experience. I'd like to say most is it is important to experience a part time job and experience a real social world. Of course working for life and leisure is important. Some people would say it interrupt studying, but I think part time job experience is more important than just studying their major.


I agree with this statement. I have four reasons. Firstly, as I have a part time job, I could know the importance of money. Before I entered the university, I had been given money by parents every month and had wasted so much money. But after entering the university, I haven't been given money by parents and I came to play a lot. So I began to have a part time job and I learned importance of earning money. Secondly, it is because that I think a part time job is a step to join to society. When we take work, we must be polite for older people. But I am not used to behaving politely so I think I can acquire courtesy through a part time job. Also, we may find what we want to do through a part time job. I belong to business faculty, but I am interested in education while I work in cram school. Finally, it is because we can spend college life regularly. We are likely to be lazy during long vacation such as summer vacation, winter vacation, spring vacation and golden week. But we must go the place of part time job before decided time, so we aren't likely to be lazy. Conclusion is that I agree with the statement that it is important for college student to have a part time job.


In my opinion, it is important for college students to have a part time job. First, college students can learn our society by working. For example, they learn the way to get money, to communicate with customers and to work with others well. In fact, I had a part time job and learned so many things, by working. I think these things are useful after I graduate. Second, they pay a lot of money to their colleges and most of them is helped by their parents. But they spend a lot of money playing with their friends, buying things they want and traveling with their friends. This is very important so they should do so. But they should get money to play themselves. In fact, I get money for playing myself. I think it is natural and I should do so. Third, college students have a lot of time and energy. Their 150work is very valuable and give energy for society. I think It have many merits for college student to work and they should have a part time job for their parents and themselves. In consequence, I think that it is important for college students to have a part time job.


It is important for college students to have a part time job. I agree with this statement. I intend to explain why I think so. First, I think that college students shouldn't depend on their parents. Because they are not children and colleges cost their parents a lot of money. And many college students think that want to buy many kinds of things and experience various events. So they should earn money by themselves. Second, it is important for them to know about society. They can experience many things through a part time job. For example, how to use respect languages, how to communicate with customers and so on. They will be able to glow through these experiences. Finally, they will be able to meet many important persons at their part time jobs. For examples, friends, superiors and customers. These people will give them some advices for life. And people who meet at a part time job may become friends at life for them. To have personal relationships is very important. As I have said above, I think that college students should have a part time job. Surely they will get various things through these jobs. And they will have a full campus life.


I think it's important for college student to have a part time job. Because it makes you grow up in many things. Everyone knows working is very hard. You have to be patient even when you get angry with visitors or boss and keep smiling. But the part time job doesn't have only hard things. You feel happy when the visitor say Thank you with a smile and the boss praise you. These experiences can get rid of hard things from your mind. I have three part time jobs. I'm working as a teacher assistant, tutor and campaign stuff of Internet. Each work needs to talk with people actively. Fortunately, I like talking very much. But I sometimes face difficulties. For example, When students can't understand the question, I don't know what they don't understand and have no idea to teach them. Then, I make a point of asking teachers or thinking about it by myself so that students can understand the question. And they can get right answer, I feel very happy. On the work of Internet stuff, I also have a difficulty. That is how to draw the attention when I talk with a person who isn't interested in Internet. In my works, I realize my growth definitely. And I see that getting money is very hard and painful at the same time. Therefore, having a part time job is very important.


I agree with this statement because college students will be able to have precious experiences through part time jobs. I think that there are three advantages of working part time. Firstly, students can come into contact with various people at a part time job place. They can meet older persons. They will be showed many things which they don't know by seniors. Secondly, students can know the preciousness of money through part time job. Probably they had used money without considering the value of money deeply when they had got money from their parents. But, they could understand the value of money or the difficulty of earning money only after working by themselves. Thirdly, students will learn important things when working. Through the part time job, they will realize the importance of working efficiently or supporting each other. I also actually had a very good experience through working myself. I was working as a clerk in Italian restaurant from May last year to March this year. I received strict instruction about service from the chief of the restaurant. I was instructed a lot of things. It's the courtesy which I studied most through work of the restaurant. I think that it is very useful to have mastered courtesy in future. Although I was sometimes scolded by chief, I think it was also valuable experience because I had no opportunity scolded by man other than parents until then. I was able to learn not only the courtesy but also the right language, the attitude toward work, and the importance of cooperating each other. I think that my experience of part time job will be very useful for employment. So I agree that statement.


I agree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part time job. Students not to join club activities, especially not to study hard, are bored everyday. If they feel bored, they should work. They lead meaningful lives and get money by working. In fact, I have not had a part time job since last November. I am bored everyday. But, I don't have too much money to enjoy with my friends. Recently I feel that I have led useless time. If I allotted those useless time to working, I can buy what I want and enjoy dinner, trip and bowling with my friends. I think that I can improve myself in new environment. In addition, a part time job may be useful when we graduate from college. We will understand what kind of thing working and getting money are by a part time job. And we can make new human relations by a part time job too. But I think it's not good that I neglect study by working. So I think the best is proper working. For these reason, I agree with the statement that it is important for students to have a part time job. And, I want to have a part time job soon.


Just now, I don't have a part time job. However, I think it is important for college students to have a part time job. There are some reasons. First, we need much money during our being students. We have to buy some books for the classes, and pay education money. Especially, if we live alone, we have to pay the money for the apartment and buy foods. We also want to buy the cloths. Next, a part time job is social experience. Through a part time job, we meet a lot of people. So we can learn a lot of things. For example, rules of the society and manner and so on. We can make friends with people who work with, too. We can expand other human relationship. Third, we can learn importance of money. When we were high school students, we got some money from our parents. Then, we used the money without thinking of our parents' difficulty of earning the money. So, by working hard and getting the money, we think of importance of the money for the first time. We should be independent of our parents. That is why, I think it's important to have a part time job among we are college students.


I think it is important for college students to have a part time job. I have two reasons for I think so. One reason is to make money. First, the purpose of having part time job is to make money. Why college students have part time job? The reason is something like this. Many college students leave their home town and live alone near the college. It takes too much money for their students. For example, the house rent, the cost of living and so on. Some their parents pay the house rent and sent some money to their child, but it is not enough for the students. So many college students must have part time job, and make money for them. The other reason is more important. It is to have social experience. Many college students, after graduating from their college, find employment and work at the company. Before working at the company, to have part time job during college students. In fact, I have part time job now. The income is very important and necessary for me. And I could know how important the money is and, how much I have relied on my parents. The experience was very important for me. From such thing I think it is important for college students to have part time job.


I agree that it is important for college students to have a part time job. Because I think that it is valuable for college students to have independence at a college. There is a person to live alone in a college student. And friends increase at a college, too. So money is very important. And I take part in club activities. Club activities and group activities need much money because a camp for training and game and so on. But, on the other hand, there is a person to say to study in a college. So they say that a part time job is obstacle to study. But I think that a part time job is to study society. It is important for a person who goes out to society to study society. A part time job may different to work at society. But I think that to work can learn a sense of responsibility. What I say first is that it is valuable for college students to have independence at a college. At a college, a college student is not only studying knowledge, but also need to experience society. So I agree that it is important for college students to have a part time job.


I agree with to do part time job. Certainly, studying is the most important thing for students. But I think that it is important to do part time job. There are many reasons to think that. First, we university students need money to spend full campus life. For example, we enjoy circle or club activity, study abroad, and buy textbooks with spending much money. Second, part time job teach us a lot of rule of society. To earn money is difficult. So, it makes our spirit strong. Because of this, we must be responsible for our job when we do it. If we have a trouble in our job, we must not escape from there and we should make efforts to solve it. And part time job teach us correct way of talking. So I think that part time job is the best practice for a full time job. Third, we university students must independent from our parents gradually. When we were high school students, we are totally dependent on our parents for food, clothing, and shelter. But some university students live alone. Then, they can't eat foods cooked by their mothers. Earning money to do part time job is one of way to independent from their parents. So I think that it is important to do part time job for university students.


I think it is important for college students to have a part time job. Now I am a tutor and I have learned a lot of things. First, it is difficult to work a job not to skip it. For example, if I have a cold, I can't skip it. In case my students have a cold, they could take a rest perhaps. Second, it is also difficult to teach my students. I teach two students now. One of them is 11 years old girl and the other is 17 years old boy. At first I thought it is easier to teach primary school student than high school student. In fact, it is more difficult for me to teach her because she is childish. The other student, high school student, listens to my lesson carefully. So we can communicate with each other but she can't do it. Finally, I learned to know my personality very well. If I didn't do a part time job, I couldn't notice my weak points. Since I learned these points, I will change right. If I didn't have a part time job, my opinion might be different by chance. But I really learned many things and maybe these experiences will be a great help to me. Therefore I think it is important for college students to have a pat time job.


I think that it is important for college students to have a part time job. There are two reasons why I think that. First, I think it is important that the college students earn money and live their own life. Many of the college students are helped by their parents. It is hard for them to help their children because they have been helping their children since they were bone. So I think the college students must lighten their parents' load. It is one of the ways for independence. Second, part time jobs are useful for studying social life. Many of the college students will work after their graduation. They should practice the way they work through a part time job, I think. It is important to know what is working and how hard they earn money. I'm sure that those experiences must be treasure in their life. Now, I'm working for a bar. It is so hard, but I always think that it is necessary for my life. When I take pay for the part time job, I feel so happy. So I will last the part time job. For these reasons, I think that it is important for college students to have a part  time job.


I agree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part time job. There are some reasons why I agree with it. First reason is that we can meet many people with it. I work a part time job now for a restaurant. I like my work and work members. Through the job, I could make friends with variety kind of people. I think I'm very happy to meet them. Then, I like to talk with my guests. They are very kind and interesting. So I think it is very nice to have a part time job. Second, we can have a lot of good experience with a part time job. Thanks to the job, I think I became able to talk with people who I don't know at all in spite of my shyness. Now I can talk to various people with smile. Also I learned the way of speaking to my guests. The way of speaking is very important when we work for an office or a company in the future. The last reason is that we can change our view of life or value. I made friends with many people whose generation is different from me. I learned there is a lot of way of thinking. I feel my view of life changed and now I send better life. I thank my job members. In this way, I agree with the statement. If my friends don't have part time job, I want them to have it.


I agree that it is important for college students to have a part time job. There are reasons. First, through a part time job we can know things that we need in society. To do it makes me know how to come in contact with people, who are higher position than me, the way to speak correct words and store's management and so on. And to do it makes us develop. For example, if you have a part time job in restaurants you may be able to learn a way to cooking deliciously and if you have a part time job in stores that buys many trendy clothes you may be able to learn a way to fold clothes beautifully. Some people who don't experience it, when they get a job, may be very nervous, not find what to do and be useless at all. Secondly, to have a part time job helps us come true our dreams and what we want to do. I belong to ice hockey club. Playing ice hockey costs much money to buy some protectors and pay club cost. To continue belonging to ice hockey club we must have a part time job. And people who want to be musician could have to have also a part time job to buy very expensive guitar. So I think it is important for college students to have a part time job.


I agree this statement. Someone may say Doing a part time job is worthless. Even if you do it, you can get only money. You should use your time for study or hobby. But, I think we, university students, should have experiences about working. Certainly, studying and doing hobbies are worthy. However, working is more meaningful, I think. While you work, you will make a lot of mistake. You will be scolded by your superior. You will try hard to understand how teach for this boy, how cook this meal, and to recover your superior's trust. If you only study, you can't have these various experiences. That is very pity. These experiences exist only in business life. In universities, you pass your student life, take a class, write a report and play tennis with your circle mates. I think there is big difference between business life and student life. In business life, money is very important. People in business always worry about how escape losing money or how get money effectively. There is a kind of interest relationship. But, in student life, you are almost freedom. There is no difficult relationship. Of course you can choose student life ways, and ignore business life. But, after graduating your university, you must live a business life. So, you should experience business life's rules beforehand. These are reasons why I insist that university students should have a part time job.


I agree with the idea that it is important for colleague student to have a part time job. After we graduate the university, we will have to work for company. So while we are still universal students, we had better have part time jobs and experience many important things that we aren't able to experience only by working. And by trying a lot of kind of works, we will able to have keys for finding what kind of works we want to have after we graduate the university. Now I work for a cram school and teach students who will take entrance exams. I knew that it is difficult to explain to people even things I can understand and that it is important to see the problems in the point of view of people who don't know the ways to solve the problems. And I am able to get accustomed to talk in public and learn the manner that is necessary for us to live among human relationships. I thought it is important not only to teach subjects for entrance exams but also support with students' minds that fight against nervous feeling before the exam. While we are universal student, we think we have a lot of time but actually we can't have as enough time as we think. So we had better do things that we can't do only now. Let's play a lot, study and work a lot by having part time jobs, to train our minds for leading meaningful life in the future.


I agree with the statement. Now, I work part time, I think that a part time job is important for college student. Because I think we can be brought up by part time jobs. I will prove the reasons. There are some reasons. First, earning money for living by me is important. We may be noticed how important money is and we may appreciate my parents who work hard for family every day. So, I have saved of my money since I started a part time job. Second, though this may be big, I am studying society by a part time job. For example, I am working at bar, the jobs are good. But sometimes those are very hard. When many guest come bar at the same time, workers become very busy. I used to be confused when I started working. But it is a year ago. I got cooking skill and patience. So I can get over small problems. Third, we can make new human relations. I made friends with many people. I often go to play with them. They become my best friends. In this way, I have got through precious experience. But I worry about that I neglect studying as I belong to baseball club, I am busy for club activity. So I should do my best studying, club activity and a part time job.


I agree with the statement. I'm going to show that why I think so. First, college students are already almost adult. So they should not depend on their father or mother. But I don't say that college students must be independent perfectly. I want to say that they should reduce their parents' responsibility. This is very important. Second, doing part time job has good effect for the student. It makes a lot of opportunity to talk or communicate a lot of people, as coworker or as visitor. They have really a lot of character. When student working, he must be professional. It is very hard and severe, but such experience will give him a lot of chance to grow himself. Doing part time job is wonderful thing. It gives us money and something priceless called 'experience'. Students should use the money to reduce their parents' responsibility. I said so. But, if student have a time and enough money, it is very good experience to go abroad. It is difficult to go abroad and communicate with foreign languages, after graduation. So, doing part time job gives us a lot of choice. So, college students should have part time job. But, what they really should do is studying. They never forget studying always.


I agree with a part time job of college students. I think that a part time job of college students leads them to independence economically and mentally. First, college students who have part time jobs can understand how hard to get even a little money. Then they use money carefully and deliberately. And if they want to study abroad, get driver's license, or travel, I think they had better pay these cost themselves. It is not good to depend on their parents. Second, their workplace is little society. There are complex human relations to seniors or juniors, and responsibility for their jobs. Before they join "real society, they should practice in advance. In fact I have two part time jobs. There, I can learn polite attitude and words, and how to communicate with customer. And I get many good friends. Because they have different opinions from me, these influence my view of life. I think meeting various people develops me. I'm often scolded by my seniors, but it is also good experience for me and I think that I get patience. Surely, studying is not ignored. But it is only students who can experience many jobs such as waitress. In my school life, I want to do as many as I can.


I think it is important for college students to have a part time job. Now I will show you some reasons. Firstly I help my parents to pay my school fees. I give my parents some money every month. So they are very happy. I think I should help them even slightly because I was brought up by them. Secondly it is important to earn money I spend for myself. And it is necessary to do anything about myself. I like to drink and smoke so it takes much money. I like music so I buy many CDs. So I need much money. Finally it is important to try to go out into the world while college students. I can learn many things. For example, human relations, social system and so on. I work at bar five day a week. So I learn service and cooking. These are very useful. On the other hand, some people may say I can not study for long time because I have a part time job. But I think it is important to do both of them for college students. In this way I think it is important for college students to have a part time job.


To be sure we get tired of having a part time job. We are not able to make ourselves at home if we have a part time job. What is more we may neglect to study in a college. We would mistake the means for the end if we neglect to study in a college. But I think that it is important for college students to have a part time job. I have three reasons. The first reason is that we are able to experience various things by having a part time job. Those experiences are essential in our lifetime. Social experiences in a part time job are useful to a full time job. The second reason is that we are able to earn a lot of money if we have a part time job hard. By using a lot of money which we earned we are able to enjoy shopping and our hobby. Moreover we are able to get a sense of accomplishment. The third reason is that we are able to make friends with people in workplace. It is important for us to make friends who are not only in a college but also in workplace. This is why I agree with a college students' having a part time job. So I actively want to have a part time job.


I agree with this statement. Part time job is a good chance to experience the society for college students. There are many kinds of jobs we can try. All kinds of jobs will do something good for us in the future. Especially I think a job that we service to the customers, such as waiter, is important. This will help us to have an ability of good communication. Part time job is also easy to start. We only call to the shop and bring a document of ourselves. We have such an easy entrance test, but most of the time we don't fail, and then we can start to work. It is really simple. Some people says college students should not do part time job. They say Student's job is studying. I think this way of thinking is not wrong. However this could only say for high school students. College students are adults enough to think about themselves. We know what is good or bad, and what is efficiency or not. In conclusion, I think it is important for college students to have a part time job, but only when we have a time to spare. Of course it is bad if we don't have time to study because we are too busy to work. How long and efficiency we work both are also important matters to think.


I think it is important for college students to have a part time job, too. I have many reasons. First, college students have much more time to use freely than junior high school students, high school students and adults who have jobs. So they can use time usefully by having a part time job. Second, they can get to know how difficult to earn money is and how important money is. Therefore they will be saving money. And they can deposit money. Third, they can get many opportunities to be known various generations. And so they can have wide views. If they work at restaurant they can learn etiquette, if they work at cram school they can expose to children and their parents, so they can know the present state of education. This may be reference to decide their occupation. Fourth, as they are near to adult or they are already adult, it is not good to depend on their parents for money. By having a part time job they can live their own life. After they graduate from college this may be useful. Because the must live without help of their parents someday. For these reasons I think college students must have part time jobs.


I agree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part time job. I have a two reason for this. First, they can know how to make money in society. If they don't have a part time job, they get some money from their family. This situation isn't good. College students will work and make money after having graduated. Then, they should know to work. In addition, it is the burden on their family that they are given money by their family. Their family pays a lot of money for them. Ever they couldn't make money, but they can do now. They should earn money to use their selves. Second, they can search their lifework or work in the place that they want to work. Especially, people who have a dream of working at specific place, such as a TV station, a company of news or company of creating animation should have a part time job. It is important for them to have experience to work there, because they can actually know the real job, what to do and how to do. And people who don't think their lifework have a chance to think working or future. So I think it is important for college students to have a part time job. But I also consider that they should study well.


I think it is important for college students to have a part time job. Because the experience of a part time job is helpful for one's life. Most of college students have never worked at office. Some haven't had a part time job. And after graduation from college, a major of college students gets a job. If they have never worked as a part timer, you will be confused when you begin to work at your office or factory. It is like that a person who cannot swim is thrown into a pool. If he comes to be able to swim, it is all right. But if he cannot, he may die at the worst. So college students need to work as a part timer to train for the time they have their job. But a part of college students never get a job. Some remain to college for study. Others don't work because they can live without doing so. Whereas they also need to have a part time job when they are college students. When we come to work, we can learn the feel of working people and feel grateful for them. We can become a considerate person by the working experience. And college students have the time comparably. That is why I think a part time job is important for college students.


I agree with this opinion. There are two reasons. Firstly, almost college students will become a working member of society. I think we can get the skill which we can't get by only study by having a part time job. I have a part time job now, and my boss said, 'you will get the skill which you can hit the mark which stops, but you will get the skill which you can hit the mark which moves by having a part time job.' In short, I believe that we can get the skill which we need after becoming a working member of society by having a part time job when we are college students. Secondly, we can find how difficult we earn money and how much trouble we have given my parents. I can't have ever thought seriously that the trouble my parents have seen, but I could find a little how much trouble my parents earned money and raised me. With it, I really felt thanks for my parents. I believe that I wouldn't think it now without having a part  time job. In conclusion, college students can experience many things by having a part time job. Therefore, I believe that it is important for college students to have a part time job.


I agree in this opinion. At first, college is the place where we learn many kind of knowledge, but there are few chances to learn social rules. So a part time job gives us opportunities to learn about society. We have to prepare for commonsense of society by graduating from school. If we know commonsense of society and have experience of job, we would be a social member smoothly. First impression is very important, so people who have experience of a part time job give good image to his or her boss. His or her boss may think of him or her like having good ability of job. Secondly, we learn human relations by having a part time job. There are opportunities to do a job with person whom we don't like, but it is important to do job together. Finally, we get money by having a part time job. College student need money to play with friends, buy clothes and school expenses. To help with household economy is important and parents are pleased that their children earn money. Excess part time job is not good because college student's job is study, but moderate part time job gives us many experiences. So I think that to have a part time job is important for college students.


I agree with the opinion. Some students live by themselves, and others live with their family. The former get money from their parents, but it is limited. Sometimes they may have a trouble about housekeeping money. So they need or want to get more money, and as a result, they have part time job. On the other hand, even if the latter have no money, they can get it from their parents immediately. For that reason, some people disagree with the opinion. But I think doing part time job not only can get money, but also has another good aspect. College students are student and also like a member of society. They study to take a job in the college and prepare to be a member of society in a daily life. For that purpose, the part time job is a good place. We can learn many things from colleague or boss, for example, etiquette, behavior, common sense, communication with other people and what is working, and so on. They are very important for us to live in a society. We can't learn them in the college or the home. Above all, we can taste the pleasure of working, get money by ourselves and using it for us. But don't forget that the main purpose of college students is study. If we do part time job extremely and our grades fall, it is nonsense.


I think that university students should work part time job. It is true that if they do it, they must reduce their time to study. But, in a long term, we can regard the four years of campus life as a ready for being a member of society. University and college are places where students study very hard and become specialists about their specialty. And they work remarkably as specialists in company and laboratory. But, if they had great talents, it would be no use if they behave worse. Society demands them for manner as a factor of community. But they can't acquire its manner only in university. So, part time job is available for us to acquire its manner. We must learn manner, for example, how to contact with boss, colleagues, and guests, existing a seniority system. Moreover, they must notice"lie". In society, many people are not so kind. There are a lot of dirty faces in society. We have to associate with their unfavorable sides. To get along with bad surfaces of society is demanded them. First, we belong to family. Second, we belong to school. Third, we belong to society. Thus, we belong to bigger and bigger community. Large community demands members for more things. So students should work part time job to acquire manners.


I think the college students should have a part time job because they can learn to work as one portion in society. For example, they will learn how difficult is it to earn money and will not spend money idly. I don't have a part time job now. But I had worked at super market for one month. In spite of short time, I learned how to handle cash register, earn money, say greeting, behave to customers and etc. There may be an opinion that if the college students have time to work part time, they should fill up more student life. But today we can have a part time job if there is time just a little. So they can enjoy student life and have a part time job. I think that it is better changing various part time jobs than remaining one part time job all the time because we can learn various things. For instance, we will find our good point and bad point and the work that fitted oneself. For these reason, the part time job has many good points for the college students to grow up the adults. So I think it is important for college students to have a part time job.


I really agree with this opinion. Maybe someone says it's a waste of time for the students, but I never think so. Because I regard it not as a way of getting money but as a sight of the society. I also have a part time job, then I found some good points of it. At first, it's so important to do what we've never done. The experience gives us new ideas. And I think young people can get more and better ideas from things. The dramatic change from receiver to server might give us some big discovery. Second, in near future we'll have a work anyway, so it becomes a good practice and a useful information for choosing a job. Take me for example, when I was a small childe I wanted to become a cook of cakes, then as I became a collage student I had a part time job of cake shop assistant. So I was glad (a part of) my dream came true, but in same time I knew the work is hard so much. And I though it's just good for me to be an assistant of cook. Third, working enable us to feel the relationship with the society keenly. When I was given a pay the first time in my life, I felt as if I was admitted from the society. And I realized I would soon become an adult. As long as we don't neglect study that is our main job, we could get the thing what is more than the pay from a part time job.


I agree with this statement. There are two reasons. First, I think that college students should earn money to buy something they want by themselves. Indeed, their parents spend much money for their food, clothes and lessons in college and so on. But, in fact they are enough to earn money by themselves. So, I think they should not depend on their parents very much. Moreover, they are able to understand importance of money and how difficult their parents work to earn money for them everyday through a part time job. Second, experience of a part time job shows them a lot of things. For example, they are able to learn how to communicate with other people such as their boss or customers. After they graduate from college, most of them must work in society. If they didn't experience a part time job, they may be at a loss when they are in trouble in their company in the future. They are also responsible for their job and they come to think more that they should not be late than when they go to college to attend the class. A part time job is useful in living in society and makes them grow. Therefore, I think it is important for them to have a part time job.


I agree with the following statement. First, the college students will have to work to live and be independent on their parents after the graduation ( though some of them won't do so ), so it is good that they prepare for working and independence. One of the means of it is a part time job. In short, they should have experiences of working. Second, there are those who start to work after they graduate the high school, but on the other hand, the college student don't work. That isn't plain. You say that, however, the college students study hard, so they don't have to work. I think so. In these days, what they do are the club activity, shopping, playing karaoke, talking in the cafeteria, and playing other activities that don't bear fruit for society. I think most of them go to college because they don't want to work. Those who have profits are only themselves. They should work for society. Third, in Japan, oho don't a child must work, but the college student don't work. Though they don't have to work, they should protect their principle.


Should college students work part time? Of course I think they should do. There are four reasons. First, a lot of students lodge at nearby college. So, they have to get money because surely their parents provide them with money, but in many cases, it is so minimum that practically students don't have enough money which they can use freely. Second, in cases of students who go to school from their own house, they have to get money too. Because, there are many events in college, for example party, so expenses become large. And at their age, they become reluctant to ask their parents for money. Third, social experience is important for students. They can't understand the real value of money until they get money themselves. If they understand it, they can know the importance of their parents who work hard to support them. And, lastly, in many cases, human can't make the most of time when they have too enough time. They are in the habit of letting things they have to do wait. Students who study all day long are rare, and many students have their free time. If they work part time, they get limited time and they can spend it on studying usefully. Thus, working part time has many important meanings. So students should work part time, but the most important thing is the compatibility of work with study. And they must not forget this    students' main business is, of course, study!! "


I agree with this idea of 'It is important for college students to have a part time job.' It is because it is necessary for college student to be independent of their parents. These days they are a lot of people who completely depend on their parents. This is against the law of human. They are given money without working and they do not have responsibility for everything. Today, this is one of the charactaristic problems in Japan and this problem hove become more and more serious. I think the solution of this problem is to have a job no matter how easy it is. It is important to have a job. In my case, this year I have started to live alone and I have a part time job. I did not realize the importance of independent of my parents and of responsibility for something until I have a part time job. I am working at restaurant. In that place all what I did is responsible for me and the money I earned from that job become a lot of items whichi is necessary for my life. I become careful when I use my money. I believe I am a little independent of my parents. Thus, I think to have a part time job is important for college students.


I think it is important for college students to have apart time job if it doesn't obstruct study. Firstly, what we learned or what we experienced practically will be surely useful. We can learn the manner and the courtesy in a workplace. This will be very benefit to the time when we work in an office in the future. In a workplace there are many things that are different from those we have ever known. So I feel it good to experience actually those things before we start to work. Secondly, I think we should do a variety of things during the student. If we graduate the college, we can't afford to do what we want to do. With such reason, only now there are times when it is possible to do favorite things and do many kinds of jobs. And an experience in part time job might influence which jobs we choose in the future. Thirdly, we need to think of our parents' burden. Our parents spend a lot of money on our education, so we ought to use money we earned by ourselves for our hobby such as a trip abroad. And we can know how we should manage money. In addition, it is said that it is not until we begin to earn that we know a value of money.


I agree with this opinion. There are a lot of reasons why I think so. I did not have a part time job until I became a college student. So I was given some money to play with my friends by my parents. However, I work at the restaurant and at the cram school of English. If I work with much trouble and earn money for myself, I realize the importance of money and thank my parents more. I began not to spend too much money. In the restaurant, I can always learn how to deal with customers. I must keep on being responsible for them there. I am sure that when I graduate from the college and get a job, this experience will help me to survive in society. Also, I can eat dinner or lunch there for nothing after working, so I save a lot of money. I think that this helps the students who live near the college alone especially. In the cram school of English, not only students but also I can study English. I form examinations, so I can also learn how to use the computer. I am sure that what I experience there is also instructive for me. As I have described above, from a part time job, we can learn a lot of things, which we cannot learn in the college. So I think that a college student should have a part time job.


I think it important that college students have a part time job. Now, I work at hotel. I serve meals at the wedding party and the normal party mainly. I have to do not only serving meals but also many other things. For example, we have to prepare the parties and polish glasses and so on. I have a lot of things to memorize. So, I am tired from the part time job. But I experienced many important things. They are very fresh for me and I learn them for the first time. Moreover, I can't learn them at school. If I continued this job, I could become a person who pays attention to people. I'm sure that I can be kind to people. It's one of the important things I think. In fact, a man who started this job earlier than me can pay attention to people. When I went to a restaurant with him and my seniors, I noticed that he paid attention to everyone's drinks. I respect him. Certainly, for college students, the most important thing may be to study hard. Of course, we must not forget to study hard. However, having a part time job when we are college students is great experience. Therefore, I think that not only studying hard but also having a part time job is important for college students.


I agree this statement and have three reasons to support my opinion. We college students have even more leisure time than that we have had in last three or six years. What should we use this much time for? First, I think that we should use this time to gain some social experiences. For example, volunteer work or part time job. So it is good for college students to experience part time jobs. Second, of course, we want to use this time to play with friends and take out him or her. And we will usually pay some money to play. Moreover, college students have a long summer vacation and in that time all of them must want to travel, go shopping or go to see movies and so on. For more exiting summer vacation, we need to save much money. It is good way to save money to have a part time job. Third, we college students should have some responsibility for ourselves. To have a job or gain money by himself doesn't always fit with to have some responsibility himself. But if something happen in our home, maybe having a part time job and gain money by ourselves helps us to keep going school. So I think that it will be not useless for college students to have a part time job. That's all.


I agree this idea. To have a job is to citizen's duty. I have a part ti me job as a teacher at a cramming school now. I was taught manner by oth er teachers before I started working. This experience is useful for my d aily life and future. To make relationship with my students who I don't know anything is also valuable. When I think what I do to be believed b y my students, I think of myself objectively. So I can find my good and bad points, and think what I do to be a good person. Thus, to have a pa rt time job is not only the way to get money but also precious experienc e. We can meet and help many people. I found it difficult to get money. So I make much of money better than before to start working. I save the money for my future. I'm making effo rts to get money for my purpose that I will live in Kobe. It is also imp ortant to make efforts for a purpose. I also want to thank to my parents for working for my family, because I knew the difficulty to get money. Since these reason, I agree that the college students have a part time job.


I agree with this statement because of the following reasons. One of the reasons for having a part time job is that we need some money. If we enter the college, we will have a lot of free time. However, it is wasteful to do nothing. So, we should use our free time to study, enjoy circle activities and our hobbies and so on. And if we enjoy such activities, we need some money. Thus, I agree with having a part time job. Another reason for having a part time job is that we can acquire some knowledge for job. When we choose a part time job, we think to choose a good one for us. For example, are we paid high salaries? Is the position of working place near our college or home? Through these thinking, we can understand the standard level of labor conditions. And when we do a part time job, we can get good experiences. For instance, we will acquire a good manner to be impolite to customers, and we can have a relationship with the employees like us and exchange information about job and so on. Thus, we can have a social study. And so, I agree with having a part time job.


I agree with this statement. In my opinion, college students have many free time and many chances to play and drink with their friends or company of club activity. I don't think that their parents need to give them money for their playing because college students are old enough to earn money for their playing. Furthermore, school fees are high, and if one lives alone for going to school, it also needs a lot of money. They go to the university with their own will. So they should use their free time to get money for themselves. Then, the age when one goes to the university is the time when one grows up greatly, so it is important for one to experience many various things. Through the part time job, students can learn the difficulty of earning money, the worth of money, human relations, and more; they have many things to learn only in youth. Having such experience before employment is probably helpful for themselves, I think. And they can make friends at the shop where they work part time. It may be interesting and instructive to have friends of other university or different generation. More friends they have, more interesting their life become, maybe. This is why I agree with college students' part time job.


I agree with this statement. I have three reasons for this. One of the reasons is that we can make a lot of friends in part time job. For example, we can see another college students, housewives or free lances. They bring us new and peasant experiences. They tell us interesting stories that we never have listened. People who we meet in part time job will benefit us when we start working in the future. The second reason is that we can know the importance of money and the difficulty of working. Part time job of college students are often teaching for high school students or staffs of restaurants. We work only after school. So we cannot earn many money. Until I enter college, I had gotten allowance from my parents. Now I start part time job and appreciate their kindness. The third reason is that we can develop our own abilities: we can master politeness if we engage in service occupation or we can become wiser if we give lectures. We can develop abilities which we can't study in college. These abilities will help us in another occasion. For these reasons, I conclude that college student should have various part time jobs and have a lot of experiences.


I agree with the idea that college students should have a part time job. There are several reasons. First, college students need some money, for example having lunch or eating dinner with friends. Although studying is the most important thing for college students, having a good time with friends is also important. Students enjoy playing with their friends everyday. Second, a part time job brings up college students. By working, college students learn social skill, manner, and common sense. A few years later, all the students will be required such things. College students must practice by working as part time worker. Third, a part time job is the important chance to make friends. In fact, my coworkers and I are good friends. Talking with the seniors is very interesting. I enjoy part time job with them. Fourth, college students should know the importance of the money. No man wastes the money that he earns. To learn the use of the money is very important. Thus, I think that college students should have a part time job. A part time job needs a lot of time, but that is never futile. There are some people who don't have a part time job. If they start working, they surely grow up in various aspects.


I agree with this idea that it is important for college students to have a part time job. There are two reasons for me to agree it. First, college students need much money because we have to buy expensive text books, clothes, food, and so on. We cannot cover these expenses with only remittance from our parents. Moreover if we travel abroad, we will need much money. But it is not good to ask our parents to pay travelling expenses. I have lived alone since this April, and I realize that I do not have enough money to enjoy myself. Recently, I swear not to buy sweets because they are very expensive, although I like sweets very much. Without money, I can buy nothing. So we should have a part time job to get money. Second, we can learn a lot of thing from a part time job. For example, we can learn human relationships in society and we can really realize how hard work is. We can develop as a person through a part time job. Now, I work at a bread shop as a part time clerk. And there, I could become acquaintance with various generations and I could learn manners in society and importance of responsibility. I think I could become mature person than before. From these points of view, I think that a part time job is very important for college students.


I agree with this opinion. This is because that I think people can learn a lot of things that they cannot learn just at the university if they have a part time job. There are many kinds of things that they can learn at the university, but I think there are also many another kinds of things that they cannot learn there. Now I don't have a part time job, but I want to do some. The reason why is not only to earn some money by myself, but also to be helpful for someone. I believe that the experience of having a part time job will enrich the people's life later. To have some part time job, they meet many people in various situations, so they can have a chance to communicate with people in another generation and touch various way of thinking and living of the people. I think they also can get some information of how to live well in the world through working some part time job. In other words, to have a part time job is a kind of preparation for their future, I think. Therefore, I agree with the opinion that it is important for college students to have a part time job.


I agree to this opinion. Some people say that college students have to study more if they have a time to do a part time job. Of course, it is true that there are some students who remain in the same grade by playing all the time with their earned money. However, there are three reasons for my opinion. First, having a part time job tells them a real society. Most college students have had little time to enter in a society. By working, they have a chance to know how to communicate with customers, how to speak formally, and so on. That is a very valuable experience. Second, they know the importance of money. They have been brought up preciously by their family, and use their allowance freely. So, they must know how hard earn money by working themselves. They would thank for their parents to raise them until now. Finally, they can challenge various things. Although college students have much free time, most of them can't do what they want to because they don't have enough money. By getting a lot of money, for example, they can watch a baseball game, go abroad to see a different world, and so on. They could enjoy their college life very much. Therefore, college students should do a part time job. That is useful for their future.


I agree this statement. First, having a part time job gives us, college students, chances. The chances are for us learning money is very difficult and hard. Much of us would not think that getting money is so hard things. Becouse often we could get money from some relatives easily. Renently I have heard that a lot of new members of society would retire their company soon. It seems to me that one of the couses is that they did not spend their school days om working. If I would not experience working in my school days, I will be confused the hardness of reciving money in future. Second, although it is my individual things, I have a lot of things that I want to do. For example, trip with my friend, learning cooking and getting drivers license. But those need so much money for me. So, I should have a part time job and I want to use the money that I earned for me. Finaly, we have much free time. Probably, it is only college student to have so much free time. So we should use the time effectively. I think that one of the means of spending the time on part time job is so good. That is why I agree the opinion.


I agree this statement. This is because an experiment to have a part time job will be useful when you work in the society. For example, if you have a lot of kind of part time jobs, the experiment will enable you to talk about a lot of kind of subjects and you will become a popular person. If you have a part time job at a convenience store, you will meet many kind of people, for instance the old, a woman who have children, a high school student and of coarse other college student. Then you will be able not to be afraid of talking with any kind of people. If you have a part time job at the place where is the same kind as the place where you want to work, you will be able to know the job which you want to do. These experiments will improve your talent and you will grow up as human. Then you will get a weapon which you can use in the society. People who do not have a part time job cannot get it. This difference is very big. So I think that it is important for college students to have a part time job.


I agree with this idea. Before you start to work, you can get some roles as a member of society by having a part time job. For example, if you work at a restaurant as a hall staff, you have to communicate with others who are various from baby to elderly people. By repeating it, you would be good at talk to other people. It is a great benefit and would be one of your advantages. You would be able to get along with your bosses in your office. When you think part time job in that way, the experience of it will be your forever treasure. At the same time, you do not have to depend on your parents in terms of money by making money in yourself. However to make money in yourself does not lead to get independent of your parents. You should rely on them in some respects. For example when a trouble you can not deal with happens, you will ask them for help. College students depend on parents in many respects, but you should manage to deal with many problems little by little. Once you are twenty years old, you have to depend on yourself. So you should get ready for your independence from now. The first step is part time job as I state it that way.


I agree with an opinion that a college student should have a part time job. First, we can understand the mechanism of society a little by working part time. Almost of we have worked little before, but it's OK because we have a lot of things to do in our high school days, for example, club activity or study for examination etc. But, I think that we need preparations to work so that we can live by ourselves. I have begun to work as the part timer of the lecturer in a cram school recently. I wonder that I am excellent as I am called a teacher by children. Because I am still a university student, the society does not watch me with so strict eyes, but I will not pardoned if I do similar thing after 4 years. Second, we can reduce a financial burden to depend on our parents by working part time. According to a certain data, higher than half of the university students live apart from a parent. I live in a home, but my older brother lives alone in Tokyo to go to university. Parents have to pay a rent or the food expenses as well as school expenses, so we I think that we should earn the money to play by oneself. I think the university student to work part time from these reasons. I want to have a various experience through a part time job from now on.


I agree with this idea. I think that college students don't have much money they can use as they like. They must earn money for life unless their parents feed them. So, for some students, there may not be a room to choose if they should have a part time job or not. Anyway, it will be a good experience to have a job outside their college. They can learn many things, and parhaps have a different view toward society. they can also feel confidence to finish the work and get money by theirselves. I think we should experience many jobs and meet many people there. Though I have written these things, I have never had any part time jobs. The reoson is that I'm busy now preparing the festival called 'Nada Challenge' held at newt month. But after that festival, I'm going to have some part time job. I'm looking foward to finding good jobs and people. I feel it is important to spend a limited time wisely, especially for college students. We should remember one thing;studying is the most important thing. We must not spend too much time working. If we do so, we will lose our grade. On condition that we can manage our time and life, I think it's good and important for college students to have a part time job. That'all. Thanks for reading my poor English.


I agree with an opinion that it is important for college students to have a part time job. Because I think it is necessary for college students to make money they need for living and they can use freely. They study what they want to do as an adult by themselves, so they cannot put their families under a burden financially. And I think it is also necessary for them because a part time job is good experience to work in the society. They do not know what is working in the society, so having a part time job is a very good opportunity for them to know working in the society. I think a part time job is important for college students to make human relations. If college students do not have a part time job, they cannot make human relations other than in their colleges. Making human relations is also important for them when they work in the society, and the people whom they met in a part time job may become important in their lives. I think that a part time job is important for college students to make money, but there is really important purpose in the future when they work in the society. So I agree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part time job.


I agree with that statement. First, I think college students including me have at least one or two ambitions that they can do only when they are in college. For example, traveling around the world in long vacation, buying clothes or car, etc. To do that, they must have a lot of money. I think it is not bad for college students to have a part time job to get money. Second, for the college students whose school is far from their parents' house and who lives alone near the school, all things costs them directly. If their parents have a lot of money and give them easily, they don't have to have a part time job. But if their parents have not so much money, they have to have a part time job to get money to buy food, textbook, etc. Of course, I disagree to have part time job that make college students not to study satisfactorily. At least they are college students, their studying costs their parents or them. They have to study hard and they have to get good work. According to these reasons, I think it is important for college students to have s part time job, and I agree with that statement.


I think it is very important for college students to have a part time job. Why I think so is that college students are semi working people. To work is one of the important things for people to live in a society. So I think to have a part time job is important. For example, I work in the private school as a teacher. In the work, I learn many things, that is to say, common senses. I think those senses are necessary to live in a society. Part time job is very appropriate to practice to lead your life in society, I think. And, to earn money is another thing important for college students. We are not working adults. But, we are not entirely children, too. So I think, college students have to work to earn money, which they use for them to go shopping, drink, or travel. The money for their leisure must be paid by their own. I, too, pay my train fare. Eventually, what I want to say is part time job is a way to study what society is. To learn that is difficult, so part time job is surprisingly useful for that. If it was a trivial experiment, we study something advantageous for us.


I agree with the statement. There are some reasons. For the first reason, college students need money to enjoy their campus life. They want to play with friends, buy their favorite clothes, and take part in parties. Some people who live alone near the college need also a lot of money to live. To do such things, they need money. Before entering the college, most students were given money by their parents, but some day they must be independent from their parents. So, they must know the difficulty of getting money. Of course, students can't make all money for their life, but I think that they have to get at least enough money to satisfy their desire and help their parents. For the second, they can meet many people to have a part time job and get different knowledge which they couldn't get ever. There are many kinds of part time jobs, and there are various people at the working place. Some are from very far place, and others are very older or younger than them. As working with such people, they can learn many things. And the experience of part time jobs may be useful for them after entering society. For these reasons, I think that college students need to have a part time job.


I agree with doing part time job when we are in university. I have many reasons for my idea, but I'll show you three of them this time. I think they are very important. First, part time job gives us many friends. It is nice to have many friends. When we are sad, they cheer us. Especially when we have some trouble and we want my classmates not to know about it, my friends in office can help us. Second, we can earn money. Perhaps, we have been given money by our parents. However we will have to earn money by ourselves for the future. We must manage the money. So we should learn how to use money which we get by ourselves while we are students. Third we can experience working. Part time job isn't full time job; however we can know pleasure and pain which we get at work. Our employer may praise or scold us. My part time job was cooking at the restraint. The other day I was forced to quit my job by my manager. Because I made many mistakes and I made the manager very angry. More over, I went to work only one day a week. So the manager told me that he wanted me to quit this job. I knew that it is severe to work. But this experience will be useful.


I agree with the statement. I have two reasons. First, I think they can learn a part of society. Of course, they can't learn it completely. But, it is important to know society. When they graduate university, without knowing it, they will confuse. They may make mistakes from it. Second, they can get some skills. For example, skill of communication, expert or general knowledge. Perhaps, the knowledge which they get to have a part time job are influenced their future. Especially, I think skill of communication is very important. Of course, there is difference of skill of it. But, in our life, we can't live without communication. It is base of life. And, it is sure that the person who has high ability of it is liked. I tell you two reasons I agree with this statement until now. But, I want to except a case. We are university students. We passed the hard entrance examination to study something. If they can not study because of part time job, I don't agree this statement. Part time job is said arbeit by Japanese. I think this word arbeit come from German. The word is arbeiten. This word means work in English. But, when students use this word, it means study in English. So, the work of students are studying. We enter this university to study. From this reason, I think studying is first priority and part time job is second. Therefore, in this case, I disagree with it.


I think that it is important for college students to have a part time job. We should experience a lot as social study when we are students. Especially, communication skills needed by the social of future are important for us. Communicating with various people through part time job must acquire these skills and other many important things. For instance, we can acquire cooking skill when working in restaurant, skill of explaining things well when working as a cram school teacher, and communicating skill in English working in a shop where foreigner often come like my friend. She said that she is glad to use English skill she acquire as a member of society. And my friend said that he had never understood importance of working and importance of his parents until he bigan to work as a part time job. I thought so, too. Then, I think that there are some students who must work to make money for the costs of study in school and the cost of living like I. For example, their family is not wealthy, but they hope to study in university. They have to make money using the scholarship. So, I think a part time job teaches us not being able to learn at university but important things working is important for college students.


I agree with the first statement. Before entering collages, almost all of us entirely depend on our parents for not only money but also minds. First point is our mind. We think our parents will help us if we are in trouble. But, when we are working part time job, we have to think by ourselves, and decide what to do. Indeed our coworkers often help us, but sometimes we have some occasions to find our way out of the troubles. We can realize many important things through these experiences. For example, we will realize that we have to become independent step by step. Second is money. Our parents buy all things we need, and we tend to think it is natural that parents give us money, until we earn by ourselves. But if we start working part time job, we can understand how difficult it is to earn money. We have to work hard in order to make enough money to buy what we want, even if its price is much lower than the amount of money which our parents give us. We will be able to thank our parents through this experience. However, we are college students. The most important our duty is study. We should not work so hard that we cannot study. We must remember this when we work.


I think that working part time too much is not good for students. Firstly, students' main occupation is more studying or learning expert knowledge. Working part time too much interfere with their studying. A friend of mine who entered at KOBE UNIBERSITY with me doesn't come to school lately. She hadn't been absent from school or late for first morning class before she started to work part time. She started it last summer holiday and finally she failed many test in the second semester. She said that her part time job was very busy and worked until the night, and she can't wake up in the next morning... What did she enter the university for? But I also think that working is important for students to learn system, rules and manners of society. Before we start to work for a company, we should learn many necessities for working in society. In case we fall down in our office, we need to practice by working part time during we are students. And If we work, maybe we can get pleasure of contributing toward society. So, what is the most important things is to balance work part time with study in the university. If we work moderately and study hard in the university, if we can achieve to balance the two occupations, surely we, students can spend fuller our time.


I agree with the opinion that it is important for college students to have a part time job. It is because I have many reasons about that. The first reason is that we college students will be able to experience social life and will be able to acquire social career. When we get a job and begin to work, the experience of part time jobs will help us in many situations. For example, some people who belong to shops in a part time job are able to use rezi, some who belong to restaurants in a part time job are able to cook or know the importance of washing hands. The second reason is that we can get money. Before starting a part time job, many students have never gotten such a lot of money. So we can learn how to use a lot of money. I think that most of college student have a part time job especially to get money. The third reason is that we can make many friends in the place of part time jobs. Many friends senior to us or junior to us give us a lot of knowledge and information and sensation. They may cause development to us. There are some other reasons. I think that we college student had better not study only in the college. A part time job is the good place we can learn the life.


I also think that it is important for college students to have a part time job. There are two reasons I think so. First of all, they are able to learn the difficulty of working as a member of society. There are a lot of kinds of people in office, and they have to get along well with their colleague even if they were people that they dislike. For example, in university, they do not have to have the relation with people that they do not like. However, in office, they have to have good relation with people they do not like. Through part time job, they learn the difficulty and the importance of getting along well with people. Moreover, they experience a lot of things that will be useful in the future. Second, they clearly learn the importance of money. To do a part time job is so hard that they sharply learn the value of money that they get by working. The experience of doing a part time job tells them the importance of money. In addition, they appreciate their parents who grow them up. What's more, the experience develops their ability of various fields. For these two reasons, I agree with him that college students should do a part time job.


I think that part time job is important for college students, and for the following reason. First, by working with many other people, we can acquaint ourselves with them. Making many friends is very important in our lives. Second, we experience new environment that we have not known, so we can learn many important things. For example a social rules such as a greeting, responsibility, and attitude. They are essential for college students to go out into the public society. But it is very difficult to learn social rules. We may mistake many time at part time job. We may be got angry. Through these bitter experiences, we surely become adult. So I think we need some mistakes at the part time job. In public society, it is too late for us to make a mistake. Part time job is first step to go into the society. Third, we can earn money on our own. I think most of college students work because of this third reason not first or second reason. College students have much free time. Using their time for them is efficient. For these reasons, I think part time job is necessary, so I agree with that college students do part time job.


I think that college students should have a part time job. There are three reasons for this. Firstly, we can learn what I cannot learn in a college. For example, it is how to cook and a good manner for customers. I worked at Fugetu Kazenomati. Fugetu is okonomiyaki shop. I worked for eight months and learned how to use kitchen knife, how to cook okonomiyaki, yakisoba, tonpei etc and basic knowledge of cooking. I began to live in Kobe this year. In fact, the experience I got by a part time job is very useful for my single life. Secondly, money is necessary for a college student. There are many events in college days. For example, it is trips, parties etc. these events need much money. In fact, I will go abroad this summer. Of course, there are scholarship and money of my parents. But I want to spend money that I earned as much as possible. Finally, we meet many people at a part time job. For example, it is members of the job and customers. Now I work a part time job at a sport club. The sport club has many members. I often talk with them. It is very fun and interesting for me. Of course, we should study hard in a university. But, for these reason I agree with this opinion.


I agree with that it is important for college students to have a part time job. It is because there are two reasons. First of all, it means studying society to have a part time job. When we graduated from college, we are not students and should work somewhere. Wherever we work, It is useful the experience of working and earn moneys. A lot of cases, even if student make mistakes, he is excused. However, man take a job is not. It is dangerous that take a job you have no experience. Next, college students need moneys. We have a lot of time. Of course we should study, but we don't want to study only. Then, we belong to club, go to karaoke with friends, have a lunch, take a trip, study abroad etc Only college student can do these things. These things enable us to make really friends and wonderful memories. That is very important. However, we need moneys to do that. So we have to have a part time job. There are students who pay school expense themselves. They must have a part time job to study. We have things that we want to do or must to do. Perhaps it is more important for you to do that than studying. So we need moneys. Therefore, I agree with that it is important for college students to have a part time job.


I disagree with this statement. I think part time job is not so necessary for college students. The first reason is that what is more important for college students is to study. However, most of the students around me don't study very hard. I think part time job is one of its reasons. Some of my friends work very hard at night and they can't get up early in the next morning to go to school. That is not good. It is nice idea to work moderately when we are free and nothing to do, but overwork is not good for our school life and the health, too. The second reason is that we can have a job anytime in our life, so we don't have to do it when we are college students. I think there are something that we can do only now  to make many friends and play with them, to join club activity or circle activity, to travel abroad and go to many places in the world, and so on. These are difficult to do after we graduate from college and have a job or get married, and once we begin a job, we must work every day and can't do these easily. We should think what we can do and what to do now, and enjoy our school life.


I agree with this statement. This is because, I think it will be a good experience to work as part timers during we are college students. An experience gained in working will not be an obstacle thing but useful in the real world. For example, we can appreciate the worth of money or learn to take a well mannered attitude. And also in our college lives, we will spend a lot of money for a party with our friends or mates, club activities, buying ourselves new clothes or bags and so on. So I think we should work and get money by ourselves, if possible. On the other hand, some people may say that we should not have a part time job. Of course we must study hard. If we spend a lot of time rather working than studying, we will make the meaning of entry of this college be completely worthless. So we must manage to study and take part time jobs at the same time, if we take them. It is very difficult. But I think taking a part time job in our college lives brings us various experiences rightly or wrongly. But I don't have any part time job now. So I'm looking for.


I think it is important for college students to have a part time job. We have a lot of events in college life. For example club activity and drinking party. So we must make money. Until we are high school students, we get money by our parents. But college students are nearly adult or truly adult. So we should have a part time job to make money by ourselves. But then some people may say that college students should not spend their time to do a part time job, they should spend the time to study. I think that the idea is not wrong. It mai be best if we can do. But it is very difficult to do such. In fact I have some friends who don't have a part time job. They don't study hard and they get money to enjoy various events by their parents. I don't like such a way very much. I think that students who have a part time job can finish their homework earlier than who don't have it do. The students who don't have it may think that they have a lot of time, so they can do homework anytime. Due to that, their start to do homework may be late. And I think it is also important for us to experience a part time job. I think study, club activity, part time jobs etc all things are a part of college life.


I agree with the opinion. For one reason, college students should experience earning money for themselves during their campus life. It is very important for them to realize how hard to get money because students these days are too dependent on their parents without any appreciation. They should appreciate that they can go to college. Actually, I started to live alone near my college and to do a part time job. It is very hard work and I realized how hard it was to work for a living. I think every students had better realize it and it will be very good experience when they get jobs after their graduation. For another reason, they can broaden their views. If students don't belong to any club activities, their community must be very narrow. People they will encounter should be limited. Thorough part time jobs, they can come across various people and exchange many opinions. Such encounters are very important for their future. Almost all of college students these days have no ideas what they want to be in the future. Therefore, it is also very good experience to seek their dreams. Campus life is only 4 years, but we are allowed to be free no less than 4 years!! Time is very precious, so we must not spoil our time. Part time jobs are one of experiences that you can do only while you are young. Thus, I agree that opinion.


I think colleges students to have a part time job is Important. Many students have a lot of time after school. Maybe part time job is one of best thing to do after school same as club activity or playing with friends. If students saved the money with part time job, they could travel overseas in spring or summer breaks or bought what they want. And they know how to use money with plan per month. Sometime in part time job happen accident which don't happen in school. To deal with that accident makes him good. In the future he happen accident again, he will not confuse at that timing. Part times job also can make friends are other school or company. I think it is good thing to make many friends in several spaces. And I think it's also good thing working with person who don't like. Because not every person fit me. On the other hand some students absent his class with his part time job. Without saying it's too bad thing. Part time job is important but most important thing for students is studying. If forget that thing, part time job makes bad or vacant thing his college life.


I think that college students should have a part time job. Because college students can obtain great deal of experience by having part time. It can know the importance of the thing to earn money. The chance that it meets various people increases, too. Actually, knowing the importance of money, and doing a useless shopping disappeared as for me after it began to having part time. Moreover, I was able to make friends a lot with the people. I was able to make friends with the people of various universities. It is really happy to speak friends of various universities with various topics. It is planned to travel to various places with the friends who happily because it because it works part time, and to make a lot of memories. I think that it should experience these things before it starts one's adult life. It can be thought that the part time job is a practice before it finds employment. I think that it is very important to experience the part time job in the school days for the above mentioned reasons. Moreover, I think it is necessary. If the part time job was not experienced, I was housebound. The part time job develops the person, and gives me a lot of valuable experiences. So I think that it is important for college students to have a part time job.


I agree that college students have a part time job. It is true that they have less time to study what they are interested in due to having a part time job. So they can't study enough. But I don't necessarily think so. This is because they can learn a lot of things, which they can't learn in colleges, and communicate many people through a part time job. Furthermore they can buy books, clothes and other things by having a part time job. For example, if you work at a restaurant, you can learn a service and cooking. If you work at a remover, you can strengthen your muscle. So the more occupations they experience, the more things they learn. Besides, what they learn through a part time job is far more useful than what they learn in colleges. The money which they earn by a part time job enables them to do a lot of things. For instance, they can go to class where they learn how to use a personal computer. And they can make a trip. They can buy comics, videogames and CDs. In other words, they can enjoy their hobbies by earnings which they get through a part time job. In my opinion, college students have to have a part time job to develop themselves as a member of society and to know how hard it is to earn the money. That's why it is important for college students to have a part time job.


I agree that college students do a part time job. This is because I teach junior high school students as a tutor now. One month have passed and I feel that I improve my ability to comm unication and accumulate social experience. I made a decision to continue it in early stage. When college students become independent of their parents in the near future, they will nee d a lot of things such as economical and psychological independence. A part time job is sui table because it forces them to know society rules. By the way, some people say that college students should not do a part time job but a club activity. But I think that only a part time job has something that we cannot learn from a cl ub activity. For example, obeying a vertical relationship is more severely required in socie ty. Also, they earn money by themselves and will learn its importance. The best way is that they actually experience. This is why a part time job gives more useful things than a club a ctivity. Few college students have done a part time job until now. They have freedom and responsibil ity of their actions. They are almost equal to a member of society. It is better for college students in order to be accustomed to society and learn their position of college students.


I agree that it is important for college students to have a part time job. I have some reasons why I agree. One reason is that we can earn some money. Two months have past since we entered a college, and I think we need more money than ever. For example, I have more opportunities to have dinner with friends and to go shopping. And if we earn some money, we can notice how important money is. So we need to earn money for ourselves. Second reason is that we can make many friends. If we have part time job, we can meet different people from those who we can meet at a college. There may be a person who is older or younger than you. And so, by talking with them, we can share our thoughts and make more friends. Last reason is that we can learn manners. When we talk with customers, we have to speak politely. Before we become a member of society, we should learn manners. So while we are college students, we should have a part time job. Of course, we should study hard because we are college students. But I think if we have time to do something, we should have a part time job.


I think that it is important for college students to have a part time job. There are some reasons that I think so. First, to do a part time job is very good experience for us. We can acquire a lot of abilities by doing a part time job, for example, cooking, conversation and so on. These abilities must be useful when we graduate college and start to work in society. Second, we can make a lot of friends with. We can also meet a lot of people who are older or younger than us. By meeting such people we can acquire a manner to come in contact with people. Third, college students have a lot of free time. If we do not have a part time job, we cannot spend the free time efficiently, and our college life will be very boring. As a result we will spend our precious time only playing. Finally, by doing a part time job we can feel pleasant of earning money by myself and feel the value of money. Till now we depended our money on our parents, so we can not feel such feelings. Judging from such reasons, I think that there are a lot of good things to have a part time job. So I think that it is important for college students to have a part time job.


I agree that it is important for college students to have a part time job. There are three reasons why I agree. First, you can get money. In college school life, you need much money to buy books, go shopping with friends, drink with members of club activity, and so on. So if you have a part time job, you can use money as you want. As for me, I have a part time job for the trip to meet my host family in Canada with a friend of mine. Second, you can make new human relations. There are many generations in a work place. For example, owner, a person who is a housewife and a person who belongs to other college. If you don't have a part time job, you make friends in only your university. And last, you can grow larger as a member of society. When you were child, you were protected enough. But as you grow up, you have to manage yourself. So you can learn many things through a part time job. For example, a friend of mine works at cram school. She seems to be busy preparing for her class. But she always says that she can have a responsible for her students and learn many things from them. Thus, there are many advantages about having a part time job. In order to make your school life more benficial, you should have a part time job.


I agree with this statement. There are some reasons as ground for my opinion. One reason is that college students who have part time job can experience 'working adult'. In the future, almost all the college students must work in society, and display their ability with all their strength, have responsibility for what they do all. But, in this state of conditions, if there isn't any opportunity for making preparation to enter the society, they will be less likely to adapt themselves to society. So, having part time job is need. By doing this, they can develop themselves for their future. Second reason is that by having part time job, college student can money for their own purpose some freely. Before they have part time job, they accept money from their parents. Of course, It is said that they independent from their parents. And so, when they use money for their own purpose and pleasure, there is limitation in amount of money for use and they usually feel guilty. So having part time job is need. By doing this, they come close to the state of self support, and get the chance of controlling a use of money by themselves. Last reason is that by doing this, they can become acquainted with other people newly. To encounter other people bring us much profit. Person who they meet in part time job is sometimes important friend throughout their life. Getting this chance is very essential and delightful. Considering these ideas, I agree this statement.


I agree with the opinion that it is important for college students to have a part time job. Indeed, the most important thing for students is studying. So students should choice a kind of part time job carefully in order to go college. But having a part time job has a lot of good points. There are some reasons why I think so. First, college students have to independent from their parents not only financially but also mentally. College students will be able to do this goal by having a part time job. I think that we should earn money which we use for hobby, clothes and so on. Second, they will get a chance to have many kinds of associates who cannot meet at only university student's life. There will be several persons who have interesting personality or back ground of life. They must play an important role in experience of student's life. Finally, college students must learn about a society. After they graduate from college, most of them will be a part of member of social system. In order to be like it, they work with such person before they graduate. That is why I think that having a part time job is important for college students.


I think it is important for college students to have a part time job. I think there are some reasons. First, it goes without saying that the main reason is to earn money. College students need some money for meals and clothes and so on. So we should have a part time job. Second, we can have many good experiences by having a part time job. For example, we can learn what a job is like and how severe a job is through a part time job. And we can also learn manners in the society. These experiences will be very useful when we get a job. Third, we can get on good terms with colleagues. There are many college students who have a part time job. So we can make friends with other college students. If we don't have a part time job, we can only make the same college students. So it is very good thing to have a part time job. These are the reasons why college students should have a part time job. College students have so much time, so they should use their time efficiently. I think a part time job is one of the best ways to use their time efficiently.


I agree working at a part time job. If I have not worked at a part time job, probably, I am troubled by living expenses now. If you are working at a part time job, although whether there is any opinion of it becoming impossible to have one's time will not put in, I think that such a thing cannot be found if I assemble a time efficiently. Moreover, it is even if I pass not from living alone but from the parents' home, It agrees with working at a part time job. The following paragraph describes that. I think that it becomes a good social experience to work at a part time job to the second. It is needed after coming out to society in the future, and I think that it is important also in order to build human relations. Moreover, it is coming to consider the thing of money carefully to the third. In order that a salary may come out at a hourly wages, it becomes very sensitive to a sense in money matters. Therefore, it comes to regret buying a thing and a saving life is attained. This is a great thing. I agree about a college student working at a part time job from these three things.


I think that it is important for college students to have a part time job. There are two reasons why I agree that college students have a part time job. First, we need a lot of money to go outside. For example, we go bowling, shopping, do karaoke, enjoy parties and so on. If you stay in lodgings, you will need more money. So, it is important for us to have a part time job. Second, we can obtain a lot of knowledge by working part time and experiencing various jobs. For instance, the way of cooking, servicing, using computers and so on. When we get a lob after several years, we can utilize this knowledge. Certainly, we can make money by having a part time job, while we lose free time for studying and enjoying club activities. The important object at university is to study a lot of special knowledge. So we should think about the balance of three points  having a part time job, enjoying club activities and studying not to fail to pass on to the next grade. If you can balance them, you will be able to enjoy wonderful university life! In this way, I think that it is important for college students to have a part time job, but you should have a part time job after much consideration.


I think it is very important part time job for me. I have some reasons. First, I don't have enough money. But I want to make a trip. And I think we should not be dependent on my parents. So, doing part time job is important to me. Second reason is that we will soon do job hunting. I think part time job is a great experience for us. I am working at French restaurant now. I experienced what is hospitality there. For example, I study a way of talking and choice of words. I think talking skill is very important in communication or business. I have to talk with many customers. I was poor at talking but, I become good at talking gradually now. And I studied how to management. The restaurant that I am working is very small. So, I must keep accounts. I did not know bookkeeping, so I studied that and got a skill. I want to be a certified public accountant, so that experience was profitable. Because part time job give me a skill, I think part time job is important. For that reasons, I think it is very important for college student to have a part time job.


I think that it is important for college people to have a part time job. I have three reasons for this idea. The first is simply to earn money. Most of college people are sent and given money by their parents. But, of course, they are limited so college people earn money to use for play and so on. Another people pay school fee by themselves. They have to make money to pay school fee. People get money for a lot of reasons. Part time job give people not only money but also experiences. After graduate college, people will work in society. I look on part time job as practice of work. Part time job teach us the things that school don't give us. They are pleasure of achievement and hardness of work. The third reason is to make friends at work and I think this reason is most important. I had two part time jobs in last year, so I made many friends. In college, I can make friends only college students. But in part time jobs, I could make friends with various people. I learned a lot of things by talking with them. Because of this three reasons, I believe it is important for college people to have a part time jobs.


I think part time job is not important for college student. Because they can study only while they are student, so they should spent their time for their study. When they are student, they feel lecture is boring and not interesting. But they understand they waste their precious time after they graduate college and have to take a job. My parents often say that you have to study hard while you can study. And they say we don't save their money for your study, so you don't have to do part time job. I can't still understand importance of lecture. In the future lecture may help me. When I was little, I take many lessons. Piano, basketball, swimming, writing, English and so on. I don't like those at that time. But now I think they are useful. For example, thanks to basketball and swimming, I can get strength. Thanks to piano, I can read music. As long as those, lecture may help me in future. They do part time job for many reasons. Some of them have to part time job for their life. I am happy because I don't have to do part time job for my life. So I can't say college student should not do part time job. But college student should keep their mind that they spent their precious time on part time job.


I think that it is important for college students to have part time job. In many case, a college student lives all by himself. Living all by oneself needs much of money. For example for food, clothes, lighting and heating expenses, rent, travel, expenses. So college students need enough money for life. Of course their parents could send them some money, it is desirable not to get on top of parents. And if college students have a little money, they can not make various activities. There are many clubs in courage. A club is very fun and they can make many friends. For doing club activity, college students should have part time job and get enough money. We can not only get money but also precious experience from part time job. Restaurant, service industry, there are many jobs. And there are various people in office. College students can study many things what can not study in college, for example the method of service, efficient job way. Those things good for everything in the world. In practice, I have worked in broiled meat shop. And I could get enough money and delicious board and good relationship. For those reasons, I agree this idea. Students should have part time job!


I agree that it is important for college students to have a part time job. I have three ideas. First, a part time job's incomes enable us to live a rich life without parent's help. I think this thing leads us independence from parents or families. For example, my friend studies for future, of course using her income. Next, this experience becomes learning to orient the community, and we learn ability of cooperation. Now, I job at the bar. I made many friends there. They are my precious friends except job time. And I learn etiquette or correct tongue, too. And Thanks to this experience, I grow up my sense of responsibility. Last, there are many kinds of a part time job. For example, restaurant, tutor, lecturer of private school, and temporary employment agency's jobs, etc. So we have many choices. And we can select our favorite jobs. If we would get a job, we couldn't experience various jobs. If we job very hard, we might neglect college's study or club activity. This thing is very unhappy. So, I think it is important that we have to fulfill a duty, for example, college's study. But a part of job's experiences surely connect our future. Absolutely, this experience is very useful in the society. So, I think a part time job is important for college students.


I think it is important for college student to have a part time job. I have three reasons to think that. First, I can ready to go out into the world. If I go into the world without having a part time job, I'll be in trouble because I couldn't learn the manner to contact with others and the basic attitude on business. I think I can learn the important elements of working in a part time job. Second, I can understand the significance of money and the hardness to earn money through part time job. When I was still high school student, I took some money from my parents as pocket money and I used them without thinking specially. But after I learn the hardness to earn money, I thank for my parents. That is, I could study the value of money. Third, I can make many friends besides friends of college. If I don't I have a part time job, when I try to make friends, it is not easy to get out of a narrow range as a college. A part time job is a place for meeting. I can meet people of another college or much older people or much younger people. They give me chances to enlarge my experience. The above explains why I think a part time job is important for college students. Let me finish report with this.


I think it is important for collage students to have a part time job, and I agree this statement. Almost all the young people begin to work as soon as they graduated. But in school, are there classes which similar with work ? I think answer is no. Students can study in college, but can't work in college. Then many students go society with no work experience as far as they have a part time job. Some people sayIt's very wasteful for the young to buy one hour for only 1000 yen. Surely, time is money especially for young people. But I think doing various experience through work in young is more important. And others sayExperiencing Internship instead of part time job is better. This opinion is smart. Students can experience work through with Internship which efficiently and no waste of time. However, people can view small world only Internship, because Internship's span is generally short, young experience only minimum and all student can't experience Internship. Finally, students have to study, but students must not forget the feeling of thanks for parents etc... Many students depend on their parents, and parents work for their children's school expenses. I think college students should know their parents' thought through part time job.


I think that it is important for us to have a part time job. College fee has been very high recently in the case of national college. It is not to say in the case of private college. If students live alone, in addition to this fee, they need to pay a house rent and food cost and so on. And if brothers or sisters of students enter colleges, their parents are imposed on heavy burden. So we should help our parents in the part of financial. We learn the human relationships from having a part time job. Particularly relationships with senior people are very precious. If we do not have a part time job, we do not have an opportunity to communicate with, for example, ten senior people. Communication with senior people is essential for us because when we get a job two year later, most of people are senior to us. And we learn a right way of speaking by serving customers. We learn the hardship to get money. In these reasons part time job is profitable experience for us as a preparation of entering adult society. In the view of earning money and cultivating humanity part time job is important.


I think that it is important for college students to have a part time job. There are three reasons why I think so. The first reason is that we can earn money by ourselves through a part time job, and we can buy what we want, do what we need to. I have a part time job now, and get a little money. I use the money for studying financial planner, and my clothes. The second reason is that we can experience the roll of working adults. I am working at a convenience store near my home now. The work is not so easy but this experience will help me to work as a working adult after I graduate from our college. The third reason is that the money and experience we can get through a part time job help us to become independent. We cannot rely on our parents forever. We have to prepare for the independence, or we cannot establish ourselves. After all, a part time job is not only for money but also for experience Of course, we are students, and we have to study. Perhaps, some students don't have enough time or need not to work, but I think that we should have a part time job to get a wide field of vision.


I agree with being important for college students to have a part time job. At first, we will be social workers in a few years. We must experience various things in the society. And some people of the same age who do not go to the college have already worked in a society. So we have enough abilities to have a part time job. We only learn at a college for doing good job in the future. We must have a time effectively because they have more free time than others had worked in the society. Moreover, we can consider about the value of the money. I think it is the most important things that we earn by ourselves and we recognize the pleasure and the pain for earning. We can realize then for the first time what our parents have troubled for us. This is also important things before working in the society. Actually, I felt so by having a part time job. Secondly, Working by ourselves teaches us not only the way of using money but also the way of having times. What we are accustomed to using times effectively will help us when we graduated the college and got a job. What we can have a part time job during a college student is a very good chance. Both continuing one part time job and having various part time jobs will be the great experience for us in the future. We must practice for working in the society by having a part time job during a college student.


I agree with this statement. There are two reasons that I think so. Firstly, I think that to have a part time job is very good experience for college students. The college students need to get jobs before they graduate. A part time job is good training for ""real"" job. Actually, I have had two kinds of part time jobs until now. One is a Juku teacher and the other is a cook at a Chinese restaurant. And I want to have other part time jobs before I graduate from the university, because those experiences will be very useful in the society. Secondly, I think that to earn by themselves is very important for them. The college students need money. For example, party, date, trip and shopping. But getting money from parents to do such things is not good. I think that money for myself must must be earned by me. It is very good to have a part time job and by oneself. But there are some had cases to have a part time job. My friend spends most time having a part time job. He gets money more than us, but his grade is bad and he won't be able to graduate because he doesn't study. It isn't good that students don't go to school for part time job. Collge student's most important duty is studyng. And other friend that has a long time job has no time to play. He has money but he has no time to play. It isn't good. I think students should play while they are sudents. After all, I think that to have a part time job is very good but to spend a lot of time for it isn't good.


I agree with the idea that college students should have a part time job. Since college students must learn relation of society, common sences, And communication skills. They are needed incredibly after graduation Of the colleges. To explain his or her company's production or ideas To cooperative companies, communication skill is absolutely needed. On the other hand, common sences is needed whether students will Work on company or not. No one can live alone. So, needless to say, communication and common sences are very important to all the people. But I think they are learned more in worker's relations than in college Student's relations. For example, when I worked on IZAKAYA  Japanese bar  , I missed The form of cooking, then co worker who is older than I became angry, But thaught me the correct form of cooking kindly. On the one hand, When I came there lately, the owner came to me and told me the importance Of keep a time in society. And I still remember the words. In college students relation, It is difficult to say the miss and to tell the Caution. But in worker's relation, one can say the misses and caution him or her. So I agree with the idea that college students should have a part time job.


I think that taking part time job is very good. Because we learn correct manner and words to the adult. If we taking part time job, when we develop adults, what we learn part time job may helps me sometimes. We earn a lot of money. So we learn importance of money. Although we may spend a lot of money in vain before we take part time job, we think it once more and will stop it. Also we spread relationship. we make friends that we we can't make in school life. After that, we eat and drink with them and we really enjoy. But there are bad things. For example, we are too hard to go to school in the morning and go to school in the afternoon. We guradually are patient and may leave school. Also we are cheated. When I read "town work" and call a company, there are wrong information written on it. Also, we go home late and it is dangerous for us, especially women, to walk the dark street alone. Thus, there are a lot of good and bad things. But, I think there are more good things than bad things. I started part time job the other day. Now I am anxious but I expect. I will exprience a serious ploblem. But then I will develop. So I agree with what taking part time job.


I also think that it is important for college students to have a part time job. I have two reasons. First, college students need much money for parties or nomikai. Of course, college students have not to join these. But if they join nomikai, they will get something by talking with older college students. Then it will make their college life more meaningful and help them make more friends. In other word, college students need much money for making much more circumstance around them. Second, some college students live alone. They have to get money for eating or living. Of course, their parents may give them some money. But it usually runs short. So, it is important for them to have a part time job. Also, some people go to college from far place. They need money for expensive fare or buying bike. If college students' having a part time job were banned, they would not go to college. In brief, they have a part time job for surviving or going to college. It is true that college students should study. But I think that college life is not only studying but also experiencing various things to live at society. That is why it is important for college students to have a part time job.


In my opinion, college students should have a part time job. First reason, college students are said to be a work adults. But I think that we cannot understand real society until we work in there. Seeing is believing. At second, college students have a summer vacation for two months. What are you going to do in summer vacation? Most people accept to study is a student's duty. I agree this opinion. But I think most students cannot study everyday for two months in fact. At third, we have came college from many places. This is why we do not have so many real friends. When we have a part time job, we can make real friends in other colleges and human relations so easily. If we have human relations, we will be helped by it when we were in troublesome. Perhaps we can have a precious boy or girl friend. At fourth, we can get money by working. We can freely buy anything, play games, and go anywhere, and so on. But only exciting is not a value of making money. When we make money by ourselves, we would understand real value of money. If we understand it, we will not waste our money. At Last, we will get a job in a future. If we had a part time job, its experience would be useful. Many college students have each part time job. We should have a part time job. It will be very good experience surely.


I agree with the idea it is important for college students to have a part time job. I have 3 reasons for it. First, college students often need money. Many students live alone near the college and need money for living alone. If a student's family is rich, he may be helped by his family for all money he needs. However, most students are not in such situation, so they should have a part time job. Second, college students should experience many things in college days. College students should study hard, but they have much time they can use freely. So, they use such time for not only studying but also part time job. Working will teach them many important things, relationships with people in places they work and the difficulty of earning money for themselves. Third, college students will come to use money well by earning and using money for themselves. College students should learn not only study of college but also how to use money well because college students are just students but they are adults in point of view of their age. So, I agree the idea it is important for college students to have a part time job by this 3 reasons.


I agree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part time jog. There are some reasons that I think so. First, I think that we can experience various things through a part time job that leads our life richer. And we can learn what is society. I think these experiences are useful for my future. These experiences will be useful for business. For example, I think that we will be able to know how to deal with the problem. Second, so college students are almost adult person, we should live a life of independence as we can. When we get a job we must live a life of independence, so I think that we should be used to be the type of life as soon as possible. And if we start to have a part time job, we make our schedule by ourselves. I think that it is a very important thing to decide our plan. To control my life is a first step to be a nice adult person. Finally we make a new relation to make us better and the relation make our life more attractive. Because I think that to hear many other opinions grow us.


I think it is important for college students to have a part time job. I have two reasons. First, a part time job gives good experience to us. For example, a tutor teaches subject to a high school student or a junior high school student. The tutor may think teaching is difficult. Even if the student can't understand, the tutor has to make every effort to make the student understand. That's because the tutor is given money. We can learn an importance and responsibility of working. Second, college students need a lot of money. Their parents usually pay much money for a course fee, house rent and others. The parents suffer from this money. In addition, the students wear different clothes every day. When I was high school student, I wore uniform. It was very easy for me to decide what clothes I should wear in high school. Then I didn't have to have a lot of clothes. Now, I need many clothes. I need a lot of money for clothes. If we don't have a part time job, we have difficulty in lack of money. It is bad not to study at all for too much job. If we can do both study and a part time job, we should have a part time job.


I agree with the statement that it is important for college students to have a part time job. There are three reasons for this. Firstly, if we have a part time job, we will be able to develop our ability to communicate with people. When we work at an office or a shop, we have to communicate with people who work there and it becomes important to tell them what we think exactly. For example, when we have some troubles with our work, we have to tell regular employees who work there what trouble we have. I think that part time job give us a chance to learn how to communicate with people. Secondly, we will be able to change our view of money by earning money ourselves. Today, there are many things that are very convenient, for example, a cellular phone or a computer, and many students want them. We might buy them by money which we got without efforts such as an allowance, but once we work and get money with efforts, we will learn how important money is. Thirdly, we will be able to form a sense of responsibility. When we work at our office, we must have responsibility to our work. If we have a part time job, we will be able to do all things with responsibility in our daily life.


I agree with the statement. I think that it is important for college students to have a part time job. And, maybe I am going to have a part time job soon. I am going to explain why I agree with it by three reasons. First, almost all of the college students have little money. They want to buy a lot of clothes, video games, books, and so on and play with their friends. But they do all of what they want, their wallet will be empty as soon as they do. So they need money every time. Second, college students have a lot of free time. They have no classes on Saturday and Sunday, and they have very long vacation in summer and spring. I think that it is impossible to spend all of the free time for playing. They should not spoil the free time. Third, part time job is studying about earning. Young people have little idea about society, especially job. But, their fathers (or their parents) are earning for them. They should know how difficult to earn 1 yen, and appreciate their parents. If students have a part time job, they will not waste any money. So I agree with the statement. If you are a college student and don't have a part time job, you should have it as soon as you can.


I think that college students need to have part time jobs, because I believe that they should earn theirs living money. Why should college student have part time job? Certainly, first of all that college student must do at is studying hard to graduate from a university as soon as possibly, but they by don't pay theirs tuition fees by themselves. Tuition fees are paid by their parents. Furthermore, some college student rent one room apartment, some of them don't pay fees that they rent apartment. Those fees also are paid by their parents. Then, what should college student do? What can do to help their parents? That is earning their living money by themselves. We, college student, should consider that our parents don't force us to go college, but allow us to go it. In other words, we, college student, should gratitude to our parents for going college. So college student should reduce load of parents that they paid for us. We must do the minimum thing that we con do by ourselves. Accordingly, I think that college students must have part time job to earn their living money for helping their parents, and study hard to graduate from a university.


I think it is important for college students to have a part time job. The reason why doing a part time job is good thing for college students is that working students get sociability. And they feel themselves a part of society. When they notice that themselves work hard, they are glad that they are a member of society. Then young people feel respectable man. And they also recognize the importance of money. If they do, they waste no more money even if they have not done until now. In my case, when I was a high school student, I did a part time job. At the time I felt working to be very flesh. And by working, I felt becoming adult human a little. And I became to waste no more money without notice. It is true that some of them work so hard that they could not go to college or do not study but work hard. But the problem is balance of things. Everybody could have at least a little free time. They should use it effectually. So they could spend good time. This is why I agree that college students do a part time job. I think that our college should encourage doing a part time job more.


I agree to have a part time job by college students. Firstly, it is important for college students to earn money by themselves. If they worked, they were realized that money is valuable. Secondly, they can know the real society. And, this experience is sure to help your working in the company. Finally there are many people and they are several ages. So you speak senior people or younger people and you can know the way to respect older people. To be sure, you careful of your phrase. These experiences are inevitable for us to survive. Indeed part time job spare they their time and they can not study hard. I also think that college student's work is studying. But it is more important for human to enjoy with friends than only studying. In case of friends is including colleague. Nowadays, most young people hardly communicate their opinion for other people. Because they spend all of time in their home. I strongly suggest that to go to anywhere and to speak many people. So I think that to have a part time job is important for college students.


I think it is important for college students to have a part time job. The first reason is that I think a part time job is one of the experience program in job. When I was a junior high school student, my school made such a program. It called Try yaru week. Then I go to the fire station. I decided that I will be a fire fighter through the experience. And the second reason is that we cannot manage for money. College students often eat and drink with their friends. In other words, they use much money to eat and drink. If they don't have a part time job, they cannot do that. And their friends may think that the person is no good in companionship. Unluckily it may cause a quarrel, and cut down his friends. Third reason is that they want the money to buy various things. In my case, I want to buy fashionable cloths. But they are too expensive to buy. Therefore I think that a part time job is important for college students. But we are college students, aren't worker. It is most important for us to study!! We must not only have a part time job but also study. We must not forget that why do we go to *** University!


I think that part time job is not important but not bad for college student. It is most important thing for college student to study hard. Student's parents pay much money to college. Student can earn only about 2000 yen per an hour from part time job at the most but parents pay about 3000 yen to college. So student should not skip them class to part time job. But college student is not child. They need more money than parents provide them. For example they want to play with friends, buy books, cloths, games and etc. If they have perfect free time, I think that they can work on part time job. Of course, the part time job should not be too hard to study on next day class. They can not only earn money but also can get some good things from part time jobs. For instance, they can communicate with people out of college. College students hardly talk with people out of college. And they must not be angry with customer to earn money. So part time job make them more patient. The tim e of part time job give them things that they can not learn from college.


I agree with the statement that is important for college students to have a part time job. I think that it has 3 factors. First, earning money by doing part time jobs helps their family budget. Generally speaking, each student's family budget consists of his or her parent or parents income. Increasing family budget by doing part time job means that increase available money. In many cases, first year student will take a great deal of money. For example, play with new friends or members of the club which he or she is belonging to make deep friendship. Especially the student who is living at an apartment house will take higher money than the former. Second, I think that main purpose of a part time job is not only earning money but also to get chance of meeting another sex person. This is serious problem for students of the engineering faculty. For example, our English oral class consists of only men! It has no women. Because of this pessimistic situation, we should do part time job to break down this situation and to have girlfriend. Finally, social experience maybe the most important factor. Wide view and unique imagination are essential things for engineer or any other job. To get them we have not only to learn but also to get through real. That's why I think this thema is important.


I agree with this statement, because I think to have a part time job is good experiences and Japanese college students have a lot of spare time. First, through working, we are able to learn a lot of things and get some skills. Sometimes we have some troubles, but we are able to solve if we try to as possible as we can. These experiences will help us in the future for example it will be good weapons in job hunting. These experiences may also help us find new interests. It is said that today's Japanese college students are not able to find things which they want to do in the future so they may find that things if they do a part time job. Second, in Japan it is said that college students have less lessons than junior high school students and high school students and have much more vacations, so they have a lot of spare time. It is chance to do a part time job and earn much money. Then during the vacation, they are able to go a lot of places with their friends. I think t hat the time when people are able to do a lot of things in the life is when we are college students. Then I think that college students should experience many new things through working.


I agree with this statement because having a part time job will be good experience for college students. I think we can meet people who are various generations. Doing so, we can get a sense of values which we did not have till then. For example, they are manners and common sense. I think also we can experience various jobs. Besides, we get a skill and knowledge such as cooking, carrying, register, and so on. Some restaurants or bars give meals for a person who has a part time job there. It is grateful for college students who are particularly living themselves. If we work and earn money ourselves, we learn the importance of money. It also becomes economical help. Besides, if there were enough money, we can spend more money on our favorite things. It changes our sense of money when we received money from our parents. The new sense of money makes us not to spend money wastefully. We can use money by our intention and responsibility. I think it is the last chance that we have a part time job when we are college students. We can get the ability that we live ourselves before we go into the society. It is useful when we go into the society.


I agree with this opinion. You may say that college students should study hard so that they can play active in society, but it is not correct. I support this opinion with three opinions. First of all, they are able to make many friends. There are the younger generation and the middle generation and the older generation in workplace. Students may learn many things from working or communicationing or spending with middle or older genaration who live longer than them. Second, they learn the importance of money. You may understand that, we realize the importance of thing or how hard it is when we experience it. In my experience, when I started to work a part time that I earn 800 yen per an hour, I can't buy things which cost me over 800 yen easily. Third, my last opinion, they can earn money. How to use it is varied, for example, school fee, money for food, money for club activity, and others. One of these is money for travel abroad, now I save my money for this. I have been abroad for only once. It happened when I was three and hardly remmember. But, according to friends, teachers, and books, it is so great. When college students look at many things in abroad countries, they look at things with new eyes. Conclusingly, college students should work for a part time job and earn money, of course. I think that these experience may help them in their future.


I agree with this subject. Many students work part time in order to enjoy school life. Enjoyment differs from student to student. That is playing with friends or getting to a license or saving or paying for one's hobby. But some student can not get credit because they work part time. They lose sight of original purpose. Some parent opposes this subject because of this. Money that student earn in school life is little. When students become a member of society, they earn same money soon. So they should pay money that they earn soon. Money to pay in school life is difficult from money to pay in society life. I know student who pay school fee. *** University is public university, but this school fee is never cheap. This price is seven hundred thousand by year. For students, this price is very high price. So he always works part time. When I think him, I think students who can spend school life without working is rich. Some students need not work, but some students need work. Some students are rich, some students are poverty. Because in university students have various circumstances, I think students work part time without losing credit should be permitted.


I agree with college students who have a part time job. Because working is replacing time by money, students can spend time effectively. In Japan it is often said that a period of time of university is a moratorium, but they eager to make good use of the period. In fact, they don't like free time. To try to reduce free time, they study, play with their friends, go to the club to which they belong, and have a part time job. The thing which they have a part time job is a reasonable selection for college students who want to cut free time. They can get some money if they go to a part time job. I think that a time of university is a time of investment in our own future. Though college students could have the choice to work after they graduate from high school, they go to university, and they also go to a part time office to work. It seemed a mistake. But it is not a mistake because an investment is indispensable some money. Here is a problem. College students will face the problem that they have to get money for investment by myself Its solution is a part time job. So, we can conclude that a part time job for college students is reasonable because they can consume their precious free time effectively and get some money to invest.


It is important for college students to have a part time job. I agree with this statement. I think all of college students should experience a part time job, at least once, during their school life, because through it, they can learn how hard to earn money is. ?Before I experience a part time job, I got money from my parents. I spent it playing with my friends, eating fast foods, buying clothes etc. But I soon exhausted all money, because the amount of money which I could use per a month was limited by my mother. I irritated about that, and thought that why my mother doesn't give me more money? Then I entered *** University and started working as a part timer (I work at a Japanese bar as a waitress), and knew how hard to earn money is. At workplace, I have to bear many painful duties. For example, I must keep smiling, must run, must take heavy dishes, must be kind to every customer, and sometime I'm scolded by my master. These make me very tired, but after enduring them, I can get money. In this way I really knew the value of money. We should not spend money without knowing how thankful thing money is. That's why I think it is important for college students to have a part time job.


I agree with this opinion. I have three ideas. First, college students have to lern how hard to earn money is. In order to make money, you have to smile even when you don't feel good, you have to obey your manager even if you don't like him or her. It is not so easy to earn money, but by knowing it, you can lern how important money is. If you guraduate from college without knowing it, you may spend hard time when you get job. Second, you can be known with a lot of people. By having a part time job, you can communicate with a lot of people. Some people go to other colleges and other people don't go to college and have been working for a long time. You can lern so many things from these peple. Finally, by doing part time job, you can enjoy college life more. You can't date with your boy friend or girl frend, you can't hang out with your friends on weekend if you don't have money. If you work at part time job harder, your can get money and you can enjoy dineer with your lover or drinking with your friends. Ofcourse, it is very important to study when you go to college, but these things are also important for college students. It's because you will be busy in working and you won't have enogh time to do these things after graduation. So, to make your college life better, you should do part time job and make money.


I disagree with this idea. I don't think that it's important for college students to have a part time job. The main reason is that the most important thing for them is studying hard. I have three ideas to support my opinion. First, they have to realize how precious college days are. They can freely study what they really want to do only during college students. Before college students, they just did what their teachers forced or recommended them to do. And after their graduation from college, only a few of them will be able to do what they really want to do as their jobs. That's way I think that now is very precious and that they have to study hard, not work. Secondly, I've ever seen many bad examples of college students who have a part time job. Some of them are sleeping even during classes because of tiredness from their jobs. Others often skip classes to go to their jobs. Still others get sick because they are too busy in both studying and working to get enough sleep or rest. They have to make a right decision about their priority, that is to say, they should consider which is more important for them, studying or working. Thirdly, such bad students as I've mentioned can have a bad influence on other students. For example, some students might skip classes more easily, sometimes without any reasons. And classes, especially group works will not work well because of such students. These examples are only a part of all. As a result, I insist that college students should put their priority on studying, not working.


I disagree with the opinion that it is important for college students to have a part time job. What college students do most is obviously studying. They go to college in order to push themselves to new heights. They should acquire much knowledge to prepare for their future jobs and broaden their outlook. But most of them, including me, have a part time job and spend their limited time pursuing their temporary pleasure. They earn money in order to play with friends or buy luxury things. And actually the more money I earn, the more money I want to get. For example, I want to go on a trip, buy clothes, and eat delicious foods. I need more and more money. Now it is no exaggeration to say that I am obsessed with money. Then those who work at bars or convenience stores have to work by midnight. It is terrible for their health. It may affect their lifestyles as college students. They tend to skip a meal, lose sleep, or miss lessons. You may say that not a few students have a part time job to pay their school fees by themselves or to study abroad. I think, however, the government helps them by offering scholarships so that they can concentrate on studying. College students have a lot to learn. They have no time to have a part time job.


It is important for college students to have a part time job. I agree this opinion. I will explain why I agree it. 'Experience', I think it is the most important and precious thing for younger generation. Think about university students, most of them had not worked from small age to 19 or 20 years old. Because they have to enter famous university, so they study and study every day. Only they do is 'study on the desk'. But after they graduate university, most of them must be work. Now I run a small company, I think people who can't think by themselves are increasing recently. Their style of thinking is one way. They don't know that there are various kind of people in the world. They only know their small world, family or friends. It is a serious social problem. And another problem is there. About 40% people who are just out of university leave their company within three years. Most of them say that the work does not different one what they think about. Or they do not feel interests about their work. They think the job is not fit for them. Of course'part time job' may take time from them. The problem may occur. Some students do only work instead of their study. But, 'Part time job' for university students will give them precious experiences and many important things. They will learn about the structure of world. And they will feel how difficult to earn their own money. 'Part time job' will give them many presents.


I agree with this statement. This is because college students need to know what working is like. First of all, I talk about my example. When I was the first grade at university, I didn't have a part time job. But now, I am the second grade and have a part time job, because I want to learn what working is like before I graduate from university. At first I was worried and tired, but now I am used to my job. And I can know how difficult communicating with many people is and know making money is not easy, and so on. I cannot learn those things from a lecture in university. Then, I explain why you have to know how working is while you are college student. Some people say that college students should not have a part time job because they work too hard to study in a lecture. Of course, studying is very important. However, will you really need only an academic skill in the future? You'll work with many people such as co workers, bosses or customers. And you have to communicate with them. Even if you sufficiently have an academic skill, you can't work alone. Recently, people who don't have a job have been increasing. Some people don't work though they graduate from a college. After they graduate from their college, they have a job. But, they bother about human relations and resign their job. Therefore, you should be used to communicating with many people while you are college student. In university, you mainly talk to your friend. But, if you have a part time job, you have to contact with many people. You can learn from a part time job how to communicate with many people. So to conclude, college students need to have a part time job.


I think that it is important for college students to have a part time job. But I think that it is not good for high school students to have a part time job. I think that high school students have a lot of things to study. For example, English, math, history, Japanese, and so on. High school students have to take a college entrance exam. I think that college students have more important things than a part time job. I think that high school student are little younger for having a part time job. On the other hand, I think that college students have more free times high school students have. I think that a college student can learn a lot of important things about our society. For example, human relationship, true value of money, hardships of getting money, and so on. I am male, so I have a part time job just now. I have a part time job now. In a part time job, I do a lot of mistakes. But I think that these experience should become important things in my future. But I think that the most important thing for a college student and a high school student is studying.


I agree with this statement. First, if college students have a part time job, we can buy a lot of things which we want, need not to spend our free time. Moreover, one of my friends told me that it is important to know our society is not easy. I think that we will learn the importance of money if we make efforts to work. And also, all of the college students who live alone can use our salary for costs of our living. Some of my friends use their all salary for their college life such as school fees and money which they rent their house. I really respect them. Furthermore, my friends of my high school days who work at a restaurant have a skill of cooking. In many part time jobs, we get some skills and the skills use our whole life. Second, if college students work part time job for a lot of hours, we will not spend to have a good time of our college life because we may not have a time of our club activities, studying and enjoying ourselves. However if we work moderately, we need not to be worried about their problems. So there are no troubles. This is why, part time jobs have many profits. I think that we should have a part time job.


I think that to have a part time job for college students is valuable. I never worked as a part time job since I entered *** University. I began a part time job at Hokkahokatei 5 months ago, I worked very hard. I learned a lot of things there, for example, greetings. I have never known that when I enter working place I should say Ohayougozaimasu. And I learned communications are very important, I had a lot of trouble for the first time because learning a work was hard and I didn't familiar there worker. But I came to work smoothly for 2 months because I got well with them. I had a lot of communication them, so, I got used to work. And another thing which I learned is that earning money is very hard. If I work 3 for a week, I can earn about 40000 yen for a month. Of course it is very hard. But, I want a lot of things, clothes, shoes, games, bags, wallet, big sofa bed and so on. And I need money for food and association, for example, karaoke, boring, tennis club... I'm running short of money every day, so, I have to work. But I think that too working is a waste of times because I think that while campus life we can do anything which we want to do.


My opinion is that it is important for college students to have a part time job. I have three reasons that I agree with the following statement. First reason is that having a part time job is a good lesson of society for us. School's situation and relation are out of the ordinary. In the old days, both may be similar, but that between college students and teachers changed. College students respect teachers now lesser than before. Now, the relation between college students and teachers is different from that between employees and their superior. Second reason is that college life costs a lot of money for college students. In college, they have not only study but also various actions, for example, activity of a circle, a fun with their friends and so on. And all things including study cost a lot of money for them. Third reason is that they understand the importance and hard work of earning money. I think that they understand so because of having a part time job. Then I think that they spend money now more carefully than before. And if their parents give them money, they will thank their parents for their cooperation. Therefore, I'm of the opinion that college students should have a part time job.


I think that a part time job is very important and precious in our college life. Because we don't know the society very well. Doing a part time job can tell us the society. And we can acquire common sense. If we didn't have a part time job, we wouldn't get it. And not doing a part time job is lost much money. Actually, I didn't have a part time job in summer vacation. Then I was playing with my friends every day and night. So, I was lost much money. What other thing of a part time job is that our human relations spread widely. If human relations spread widely, we would be able to enjoy our life. Indeed, we may be restricted our free time, but we can get much better things. And by doing a part time job, we can help our parents. Our parents send me rent and living costs every month. I think that I want to earn my living costs by myself. In the future, I must be going to earn my living costs and family's. From now, if we don't know the difficulty of earning, we would have trouble surely. So, it is important for college students to have a part time job.


I agree with the statement. But I have a term to have a part time job. The term is that college students have to have reasons to have a part time job. We students have much time we can use freely. In my opinion, students should do what they can do only now. For example, we can study what we like, we have dream and go ahead the dream. However, when we graduate from college and start to work, we will be limited by work. So time we can use will be little. It is not until I started to have a part time job that I realized that how important time is. But, some students must have a part time job to make money. For example, getting a car license. I think that college students have to make money by themselves. Moreover there are some students who use their time in vain. Such students should have a part time job and they will realize importance of their time. In this way, we are different from our reasons to work. We are now college students. So I think that we must decide whether we should work or not. In this opinion, I agree with the statement. But if students try to work, they must have certain reasons to work.


I think part time job is very important for college students. I have mainly two reasons to support the idea. First, we need money to enjoy college life, but it is no good to rely on our parents. College students are enough to earn money at least for playing. I belong to wind orchestra club, and I need about 1 million yen in 4 years, fo r dinner with our juniors, maintenance of music instruments and so on! I don't want to ask my parents to help me. Second, part time job is good experience for people who work as employees in the future. I work in a convenience store now. When I began to work there, I was often by owner because I was so nervous that I made a lot of mistakes. However, now I got used to the job and became able to do what I have to do as fast as possible. I met many people and learned a lot from them. For example, I learned pleasure of communication with guests and a sense of responsibility. Perhaps people who have never done part time job have large troubles when they find employment in the future. Therefore, I think college students should do part time jobs to raise themselves.


I agree with part time jobs of college students. We can experience jobs and other important things which we can't learn in the university. Now I work at the hotel as a waitress for Weddings and parties. I have to be careful about my speech and manner more than usual. It's hard for me to acquire them perfectly but surely it will be useful after I get out into the world. And how to talk with my superiors is also important because there are people who are far older than me. Next, the way to spend our time will be better. Part time job takes long time, so we'd better finish our assignments or do something without wasting time. In fact, after I started my part time job, I do everything more efficiently than before. But I think it's not good to work too much because we can experience various things when we are college students and we can have chances to communicate with a lot of people. It's better to try actively what we want to do. Moreover, having a part time job enables us to learn how to spend money well. We must control ourselves so as not to waste it when we get a lot of it. And if we find it happy to earn money, we will be motivated to work hardly in the future. Therefore, having a part time job is good for college students.


