I agree with the preceding statement. From the beginning, smoking is the bad things for health. The man who likes smoking will disagree, smoking damage is for all people include not smoker. From older to child come to the restaurant. At the restaurant, people enjoy eating and talking. People may think the food isn't delicious. And they have a pain and they can't enjoy talking. I think that restaurant must be the place it is comfortable for all people. In addition, completely banning help to stop smoking for health. If the number of the place where forbid smoking increase, smoker should put up with smoking a long time. Today, divide the seats that allow smoking from the seats that forbid smoking in Japan. However, if we were the seats that forbid smoking, I feel uncomfortable by smoke. It is because restaurant isn't perfect isolation. If the man who says that smoking should not be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, the reason will be smoker feel uncomfortable. One thing that I suggest is setting up the smoking room in the restaurant. I deal with the smoking room equality to toilet. It is completely private room, several seat in the room. I think we set up the smoking room in the restaurant, smoker can satisfy too.


I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. And I have three reasons to support my answer. First, I think we don't need to smoke in a restaurant, because we go to there to enjoy good dishes not to smoke. Our purpose is not smoking. Second, I'd like to say that we can't enjoy tastes of dishes when we smoke, because smoke taste is really stronger than dishes. I think we can't have a good lunch or dinner even we go to a restaurant to enjoy dishes. Third, smoke is not good for health of the non smoke people who come to a restaurant. Non smoke people must breathe smoke when someone smokes in a restaurant even if non smoke people don't hope it. Non smoke people must lose their chances to have a good lunch or dinner because of smoking. And smoke is not good for our health and taste of dishes, especially for children of growing up. So I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country Because we don't go to a restaurant to smoke, we can't enjoy dishes when smoke and smoke is not good health of non smoke people especially for children.


I agree with that. To be sure, we can smoke anytime and anywhere. But smoking should be banned at official place such as restaurants. As you know, smoking is not good for our health. Generally speaking, people who smoke in daily life become sick often. For example, smokers are apt to get cancer. In fact, there is a lot of data that a number of smokers are suffered from cancer. In addition to this, health of surrounding people is also influenced by smoke. Smoke causes illness other people who take it in their body. Moreover, smoke smell very bad and makes people who are near a smoker feel bad. In a restaurant, guests would like to have a good time by eating delicious dishes comfortably. However, they can't do that near smokers because smoke makes them uncomfortable. There are a lot of restaurants setting the space that people can smoke. It is a very good idea and very nice for people who are not smoke. But, I don't agree that idea because people are sitting beside the border between smoking area and non smoking are annoyed. For these reasons, I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are four reasons to support my opinion. Firstly, many people go to the restaurant at lunch time and dinner time. Restaurants are the place where many kinds of people are. Smoke does their health harm. Many families with children go to the restaurant at dinner. Children are stronger effected than adults. And the research revealed that smoked people are more harmed than smoking people. Secondly, if some people smoke while the other people are having meals, people who are not smoke can't taste their meals very much because of the smoke. Thirdly, students, such as junior high school students and senior high school students, often go to the restaurant. If they see people smoke at the time, they could be affected by the scene. And they begin to be interested in smoke, in spite of be under 20, they could begin to smoke. Lastly, in these days, there are restaurants which is allowed to enter with their pets, for example they are called dog café. Not only man but also dogs, smoking may do harm. This is whyⅠagree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


I agree with the statement. There are three reasons why I agree with that. First, people who smoke everyday often get bad health. For example, to feel tired every time, and to become cancer. If you were so, you can't live with happiness. It is very serious problems. To live healthy is the most important thing. Second, people around smoking people feel bad, and is also get bad effects. The smells are bad for non smoking people. They can't eat dinner with peppiness. And the second hand smoke is more dangerous for other than smoking people. It is more serious problem than the first or second problems. Finally, some smoking people's manner is bad. For example, after smoking, some people throw the trash out. It is also serious problem for other people. Some people might say that developing country people get money from making cigarette. It is true. If we ban smoking, their jobs are not needed. However, the job making someone to be bad health is the worst job. Smoking is dangerous, and is completely bad. It is better that buy others than cigarette. It is good for you, and other people. It is why I agree with the statement.


I agree the statement Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. And I don't agree the statement smoking is personal habit. I think that all humans can live by the time, a human as biological thing live by the end time he can. But, in real world, most of humans die by early or middle time in biological human's life, said over 200 ages. I think the complex things kill people by the time they touch their end as biological things. For example, Smoking is the worst. Smoking makes not only a human's body but around people's bad. It is called, Fukuryu en. Fukuryu en is that smoke from a person smoking moves to other persons around the person, and this doing is the anti manner thing because this smoke from one person makes other persons bad condition, for example Zensoku, cancer called Haigan or others, especially in common area where a lot of people are, for example parks, stations, airports, streets or others. The cancer called Haigan is the worst sickness. This sickness's killing rate is high rate and a lot of Japanese people were killed by this sickness. Smoking has large relationship to Haigan and many scientists think smoking causes Haigan So I think smoking should be completely banned in places where many people are.


I don't think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I don't like smoking but I think smokers want to smoke even if they go to the restaurant to eat or drink something. If smoking is completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, smokers will have little place to smoke. Then, smokers can't refresh in anywhere. I think it better to have some place in restaurants in which smokers can smoke. However, I dislike only a little smoke and there are small children and babies. So, I want to completely separate the seats of smokers from the seats of nonsmoking person. Recently, a company or a department store, for example, has a smoking room. Smokers can smoke only in the room. I think this is a very good tendency. Smokers can refresh in the room and nonsmoking person can protect from smoke. Smoking is very bad not only for smoker's health but also for nonsmoking person's health. Nowadays, there is also a cigarette tax. The place they can smoke is smaller and smaller. Therefore, I hope that the number of smokers will gradually decrease. Now, a price of cigarette is a little higher than before. Some smokers begin to give up smoking to save money.


I disagree with this opinion. Smoking should not be completely banned at all restaurants in Japan. First, restaurant is the place which people not only eat food but also relax. In my experience, I have relaxed at restaurant in talking with my friends and sleeping. Some people relax in smoking. If smoking is banned at all restaurants, they can not relax at restaurant. Business at restaurant will decrease. Second, smoking is not always bringing travels. Actually, some people don't like others smoking. But deviding smoking area will solve the problem. It enables the men who wants to smoke to smoke and the man who doesn't want to smoke to avoid others smoking. Third, I think there is no merit to ban smoking at all restaurant in Japan. All problem about smoking, except about health, is solved enough by deviding smoking area, and what is need any more? Nothing is need. But deviding smoking area is more need to perform. We have to be more careful to devide smoking area not to ban. What can be done at restaurant is limited. But, for example, I agree that smoking is banned at other public area in Japan, not restaurant. Smoking is not only the problem in restaurant.


I don't like smoking. So I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I have two reasons. First, it is true that smoking gives serious damage not only a person who smoke but also a person who is near from his or her. People who smoke get lung cancer than people who don't smoke. Second, I think the most serious problem is smoking at the restaurant make people who don't smoke feel very uncomfortable. Break fast, lunch, and dinner is the time that all of the people enjoy eating and relax. And a restaurant is the place where people enjoy eating and relax. At the same time, however, a restaurant is not the private place but the public place. Perhaps some people relax when they smoke. But I think smoking in a restaurant is bad manner. To enjoy eating all of the people, each person should stop smoking. So all the restaurants should make a rule that bans smoking. If people want to smoke, they should go outside and enjoy smoking. These days smoking banned day by day. I think it is good moving for all of the people to make comfortable environment and good health.


I agree with this statement without thinking, so I dislike smoking for the reason of smelling bad and being dirty. Smoking is very bad for the smoker's health and is troubled to other people. Particularly the restaurants are the main place of eating, so smoking around people who eats something is very bad to atmosphere, smell, and taste. It is important for the dish to be a good taste, a good smell, and good atmosphere. Tobacco has a bad smell which is harm for human and a smoke which is a white and grey gas. There are many children in the restaurant. A smoke of tobacco is very bad for a child. Moreover a smoke of tobacco soaks through his or her clothes. If someone smokes in the restaurant, we cannot wear new clothes. We must mind about this. Smoker should stop smoking in the restaurant as early as they can, and they will be health in the future. If they die early because of smoking, their family will be very sad. They regret that he doesn't stop smoking. Therefore people who smoke tobacco should stop smoking in the restaurant. And I think whether smoking in the restaurant should be crime.


I agree. I think smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in Japan. The reason I think so is very simple. Smoking is bad for health. People who don't want to smoke, including me, have the right that we don't smoke. So smoking should be banned at not only restaurants but also at all public areas. Some says that separating the area between smoking and non smoking prevents people who don't want to smoke from smoking. But the smoker's clothes have smell of cigarette. And more over it is true that waiters must smoke to order. Smoking in the restaurant is bad for smokers. Because dishes have own smell. Smell of cigarette prevents smokers from eating dishes delicious. Smoking has no benefit for all people in the restaurant. Nowadays, the number of non smoking area is increased, such as hospital, station and so on. And smoking is banned at all restaurants in one foreign country. It is not difficult to change smoking restaurant to non smoking restaurant. It goes without saying that smoking is bad for health. We must not rob of other people's health. And we want to enjoy eating. So I think smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in Japan.


I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I have some reasons for it. First, smoking has smell. Some people including me have a headache when they are near the people who are smoking. People like me loss an appetite. Second, the smoke causes a cancer. Smoking in the place which many people are in like restaurants may cause their cancer. On the other hand, there are some people who disagree to my opinion. Most of them sill be smokers. They can not be without smoking, of course even if they are in a restaurant. They may think that there is no problem if the restaurants are divided into two areas: Smoking area and No Smoking area. Many restaurants have been divided into two areas, but they can not be divided completely. Smoke comes to the No Smoking area. I can understand some smokers' opinion, but the health of no smoker is also important. Of course smoking is bad for smoker's health. If smoking completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, smokers may get rid of smoking. If they give up smoking, they will be better in health. This is good for all people.


I almost agree with the idea that smoking should be completely banned at the restaurants in Japan. There are two reasons that I thought. The first reason is that I think that we cannot completely escape from smoke of tobacco. These days, at the most restaurants, we can choose two area that no smoking area or smoking area. This is called bunen, to divide smoke. However, if we happen to sit a seat near from smoking area, we almost breathe in the smoking area. And at the café restaurant, there are many people who are smoking to relax. But the other people cannot relax. The second reason is that workers cannot be escape from smoke. At a restaurant, workers don't only go to no smoking area, but go to no smoking area and smoking area. This makes workers bad health and I think that I don't want to work such a restaurant. I think the most important problem is that tobacco emit bad chemical substances such as nicotine, tar etc. If tobaccos don't emit bad substances, but only good smell, smoker and the other people can eat meals in one room. So we should invent tobaccos that emit only good smells. This is why I almost agree with the idea about smoking, but if new healthy tobacco is invented, we should introduce it for smoker.


I can't agree with this topic. I think we should make some restaurant banned to smoke but not completely. The big reason the way I think to ban in the restaurant is smoking make someone who don't smoke annoy and risk to be lung cancer. If someone smoke in the restaurant, the smog pollutes near things such as wall, table and person include small child. Most of restaurant separate smoking are and non smoking are, but the smoking smell is remain this place. But I think if restaurant banned to smoke completely, walk smoking person will increase. Because they can't smoke in the restaurant, they become annoy due to the stress. Walk smoking is many non smoking persons annoy and have dangerous. Because most of primary school students was said that cigarette is makes human harmful, makes human addict and block of tax. recently. And there were some accident which barn some place due to the cigarette and cigarette hit child eye. So there are many persons who dislike walk smoking. After all I think we should ban walk smoking before ban restaurant completely. Many place become banned to smoke, so I often see the person who walk smoking. I think more place banned smoking, more people do walking smoking. So, I think restaurant shouldn't ban smoking completely before ban walk smoking.


I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I have three reasons. First, I don't like the smell. When I spend in the smoke long time, I feel bad mentally. In the restaurants, I eat delicious dishes and feel happy but if I smell the smoke, the happy feeling is over. Second, the smoke is very bad for our bodies. Not only the persons who smoke but also the all persons who are there are damaged. If we are there very long time, our lungs become black and its ability is down. Finally we will become lung cancer. the smoke is very bad physically too. Finally, the smoke erases the foods smell. In the restaurants of course foods need good tastes but their smells are necessary too. When I wait for dishes in the restaurants, I enjoy the smell. The smell makes me happy so the waiting time is very important for me when I eat in the restaurants, but if someone smokes, I can not feels the foods smell. It means that the worth of the restaurants become down. I don't want to say that people must not smoke completely but in the restaurants, smokers should not smoke.


I agree with the opinion, but I want to change the words in Japan to in the world. And I have three reasons why I choose this. First, by smoking, we can not find the taste of food well, so if someone smoke in the restaurant, other people around him can not find the taste of food well. So if we appreciate the fact that we can eat food, we should not smoke in the restaurant. Second, smoking is bad for health, so if someone smoke in the restaurant, other people around him are made bad impact from him. Especially, smoke which other people take in is worse than smoke which person who smoke directly take in, and people who take in smoke which is from smoking person is likely to be lung cancer. So people who smoke should stop to smoke before other people say to you I wish you stop to smoke. Third, in the place where many people gather, there may be a person who do not like cigarette, so people who smoke should stop to smoke to make a good mood. Consequently, I agree with this opinion. But I say again, the words in Japan should change to in the world.


I agree with this opinion, because smoking is bad for health. In a restaurant, there are many people, so smoking is very annoying for non smoking person. Smoking is bad for smoking person, but tobacco's fog do more harm for others. However nonsmokers can't avoid the fog at the restaurants, because they are having foods. I'm not willing to sit down near to smoker's seats. If there are many smokers in a restaurant, I won't go to the restaurant. If smoking is banned at all the restaurants in the country, it is sure for us to feel cozy. We don't have to worry about tobacco's problem at the restaurant, and we can concentrate in eating. I think that smokers should smoke outside or separated place. It will keep our health. It is difficult to ban smoking at all the restaurants, but it is possible. In German, smoking is banned at all the restaurants! Germany says Germany obeys the rule of no smoking at the restaurants, so we can do such a thing. This fact shows us that if we have a will, smoking can be banned at all the restaurants in the country! I think that we Japanese should follow Germany when it comes to smoking problem. We should be active to be healthy.


I agree with this statement. Because I know it harms them and also us not smoking people. I think it is the kind of criminals in the view of harming innocent people in the public space; in this case it is restaurants. And I think that restaurants are the spaces where we can eat and drink expensive or delicious foods and drinks, so it is important for restaurants to provide us the spaces where we can feel this unusual time well. In this way, smoking in restaurants is bad for us not smoking people, probably can't concentrate on tasting those and sometimes feel sad or get angry. So I can't understand the people smoking in restaurants even if someone sits around them. I think they lost the part of heart that being kind to the people around them because they are addicted in smoking. I think that smoking may changes your character in this way. If smoking at all the restaurants is completely banned, we can enjoy diner at the restaurants, and never be annoyed of smoking. I pray that it comes true in the future in Japan. Then Japan becomes the comfortable society to live in if you don't smoking.


I agree that smoking is completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking has bad effects on us. I will give three problems of smoking. First, the physical problem is. As you know, the smokers are apt to have cancer of lungs. This is owing to nicotine and tar. Both of them are dangerous materials. And what is worse, side stream smoke has more bad effects than mainstream smoke. That is to say, even non smokers have a possibility that they have diseases. As other danger, a burn could be given. The fire of tobacco has a possibility that it touches with people. In case of children, it will touch with their faces. Second, the mental problem is. Smokers often say that they become calm when they smoke. However, because it means that they are addicted to nicotine, they will be hard to stop smoking. In addition, they tend to be annoyed when they don't smoke. Third, the financial problem is. The price of tobacco is about three hundred yen. If they are heavy smokers, they pay one thousand yen or more than on a week. In addition, it may raise even five hundred yen in the future. Not only these problems but only other problems will exist. In the end, what I want to say is that smoking never has good effect on us.


I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. First smoking does not have to ban at all the restaurant. Because some restaurant's customer may smoke. If all the restaurants completely ban smoking, the restaurant may loss the customer. But I think restaurant entertains with taste and service. So if someone smokes at the restaurant, restaurant's atmosphere is broken. For example I dislike smoke. Because many smoker has bad manner. If these people come to the restaurant, non smoke customer thinks we never go to this restaurant. Second smoking is bad for children. Therefore a family who has a child may not go to the restaurant because of smoking. If you want to smoke in the restaurant, you had better go to a bar. You can enjoy drinking and smoking. So I think a bar is very happy place for smoker. Finally smoking is caused do harm to not only smoker but also non smoker. So smoking should be banned not only restaurant but also any other place. For example university, station and street. Or cigarette should be more expensive than now. I think decreasing smoker is best. This is why I agree with this situation.


I agree with the statement that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country. Since smoking causes not only us but also around people bad condition. In this society, it is easy for us to feel that Smoking people is separated from not smoking people. The smell of tobacco is not good. I am caught a serious illness by harmful substances containing it. From one experiment, we find that people who breathe in the smell of tobacco by smoking people live shorter than other people. So, smoking influence many people who is not only smoking people but also not smoking people. In fact, smoking is banned in the station, in the train, in the office, in the hospital, and so on. All of these places are common places. People who want to smoke have to move smoking room. Restaurant is one of the common places. Many children and adult people come to restaurant to eat lunch. Can you smoke in front of these people? What you smoke in the restaurant may cause them some illness. I think we should spread this statement all over the world. To protect people who enjoy eating lunch in the restaurant from the smell of tobacco in smoking.


I agree with the statement. Because I have two reasons. The first reason is that smoking is harmful for human. It causes much sickness, especially cancer. People with it can even die. It is one of the most horrible diseases. I think that we take more smoke which Smoking people bring out at restaurants than at other places. Because restaurant is a place in which people eat something. The second reason is that I don't like smoking. I don't like smoking people. I do not stay near them. I do not talk with them. When I was a child, I was interested in tobacco which my grandfather smoked. Because I was a child who does not know that smoking does harm people. If I knew then, maybe I weren't interested in it. Smoking should be completely banned at not only restaurants but other official places. Because I do not like smoking at all, I want it disappear in the world rather than it is banned. I do not need it. It is not worth appearing for me. I deeply hope to live in the world without tobacco. So I am delighted in the present economy, in which tax of tobacco is high rate in Japan. That's why I agree with the statement.


I think it is good for me. Because I don't like smoking. Smells and smoke are not comfort. There are people who agree my opinion anywhere. And being smoked is very harmful. If someone who does not smoke will become disease, it is very terrible. Even more smokers throw away their tobacco! That is bad. I want them to be careful about that. If I see it happens, I was irritated. I watched a TV program. It teaches me that smoking is danger. Because a man who had tobacco in his hands was walking and a girl was also walking forward him, then that tobacco was in her eye!! Her ability of looking was as far lower than before. Only she was walking, but she didn't look. It was very terrible. So smoker is really careful about around situation. My father had been one of the heavy smokers. But when the tax rate of tobacco was up, he quit tobacco. Now he have quit tobacco from then. Recently smoking is banned at plat home, walking road, school and etc. So it is natural to be banned at restaurants. I want smoking to be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


I agree with the statement. Because I hate smoking, I think that it most be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. It is known everyone that smoking is very bad for human health. Because I knew it, I have hated smoker since I have a child. I can't understand their feelings. Of course, there is no smoker in my family and relatives. But, actually, there are some smoker in my friends. One day, they said that if they wanted to give up smoking, but they couldn't. I think it is very horrible that if I want to give up smoking, but I cant. I disagree with that there is a smoker near my around. I want to enjoy having lunch or dinner purely at restaurant. But, there are smoker near my around when I have lunch or dinner at restaurant, I can't enjoy them. If I encounter the situation, I feel some foods very terrible if they are taste very good. So I strongly recommends that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Actually, when I went to a restaurant in Japan, I was very shocked because there are no smoking seats, but they are filled by other customers.


I agree with the opinion that smoking at all the restaurants in the country should be completely banned. There are three main reasons. First, when I have some dishes in a restaurant and there is the person who smokes in the nest seat, I will feel bad with my dishes even if how much delicious those are. Second, the top of tobacco with a little fire is very dangerous. Perhaps when I go through near a smoking person, my skin will be little burned. If the width of aisle in the restaurant is small, that probability will be increased. And there are many things which is burned easily in the restaurant so it will be a cause of fire when it is not diminished properly. Third, anyway, smoking is very bad for health. There are many diseases like cancer caused by smoking. And actually, the bad effects of smoking are bigger for those are near smoking people than smoking people themselves. The people who against this opinion will propose that restaurant is a place for rest so it is free to smoke there. But if you care for the others, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


I agree that separation of smoking area is done in the restaurants, because smokers have a right they can smoke without troubling any nonsmokers. In addition, today not only separating smoking area but also using a machine that can sucking smoke and deciding smoking time are done in some restaurants, so nonsmokers can go to there without feeling any smoke. Secondly, if I see from a restaurant side, I think that it should be done for more smokers' coming. Smokers will not go to the restaurant by the over no smoking, so the restaurant have to make smoking area even if it costs some money to make smoking room or machines that sucking smoke. Finally, I am a nonsmoker, but I think that we should defend smokers' rights to some degree. If the restaurant doesn't do separation of smoking area, we most consider entering it. In a word, not only restaurants but also smokers and nonsmokers should face smoking problems. Smokers have a right that they can smoke, and nonsmokers also have a right that they don't smoke passively. To defend rights each other, I think that not no smoking but separation of smoking area should be done in the restaurant.


I do not agree with completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Because I think this is free by owner of the restaurant. This is decision that How the restaurant want to. In the fact, almost Japanese do not like I do not agree with completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Because I think this is free by owner of the restaurant. This is decision that How the restaurant want to. In the fact, almost Japanese do not like. I do not agree with completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Because I think this is free by owner of the restaurant. This is decision that How the restaurant want to. In the fact, almost Japanese do not like. I do not agree with completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Because I think this is free by owner of the restaurant. This is decision that How the restaurant want to. In the fact, almost Japanese do not like. I do not agree with completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Because I I think this is free by owner of the restaurant. This is decision that How the restaurant want to.


I agree with the smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurant in Japan. Firstly, there are many people who dislike breathing the smoke. And they don't want breath the fog at all. But if there are people smokes in the restaurant, even if the seats are separate, it cannot completely remove the smoke. So, nonsmoking people are forced to breathe the smoke more or less. Many people may come to restaurant to enjoy having their dishes. At such a place, smoke is nothing but their harm. It may break taste or smell of good dishes. And may your cloth will absorb the odor. Another reason for Agree with the statement is there are many children in Japanese restaurant. Cigarette's smoke contains many harmful chemicals, And especially it tend to suffer not smoking people but surround people. If restaurant permit smoking in the restaurant, children in there might breathe smokes. Cigarette's smoke can be poison for children. Actually cigarette's package is warning Pregnant don't smoke. Depend on these reason, I think we should be completely banned smoking at all the restaurant. And if smoker think children and surround people, they should keep off smoking such a place.


I agree with the statement Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking near by your pizza or salad, all the delicious smell and such a fresh green leaf or tomato will be covered by smoke and taste will change. Since I am not smoker, I can say that it should be completely banned. It might be too strict rule for all the people and it is impossible to change all the restaurant and customer who visit the restaurant. But I think smoking is very unkind thing for non smoking people. Even Some restaurant asks you for smoking table or non smoking table, there is no wall between them so the smoke come into the non smoking table too. It is unfair we both paying same amount for the meal and one is having good time and the other feels bad about smoke covered meal. All in all, we need totally separated from smoking place in restaurant. Some smoker says if you don't want to get smoke from smoker, you shouldn't be at the same place and come to there. But we all have right to say that wonderful meal always should be wonderful taste. What I am trying to say is smoker and non smoker has different opinion for smoking, so we all need to think and care about ourselves each other.


I agree this statement. I have five reasons. First, I am not smoker. I don't like smell of smoking and attaching cloths and my body the smell. So I want you to stop smoking above all restaurant. Second, when I have meal, I don't like passive smoking because I'm uncomfortable and I don't taste good the meal. Third, others may worry in the restaurant. For example, if pregnant woman is in the restaurant, she will be passive smoker. It is not good for her baby to be passive smoking. Fourth, Children mind passive smoking. If someone goes to the restaurant with his family, his son may cry by passive smoking. So he and his family will be not happy. When I was a child with my family in a restaurant, I don't cry but I was not happy. Fifth, the restaurant employment need not divide smoker seat and non smoker seat. And customer need not alternative the select. Of course, I chose non smoker seat. I hope to reduce smoker population. If smoking is completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, I think smoker is decrease in Japan. Because smoking areas is decrease, I think that smoker is also decrease. So I agree this statement.


I disagree. First, I think that smoking has to be banned everywhere in the world, including at restaurants, of course. Smoking harms not only one's health who is smoking but also people's health around the person. There is Japanese saying that, Smoking has a lot of bad things but doesn't have even one thing. Second, smoke makes people feel bad. I have been to Chinese restaurant which doesn't ban smoking. At the restaurant many people are smoking and smoke makes the taste of food bad. What made the matter worse; the smell of smoke attached my favorite clothes. So, I never want to go the restaurant. There are many restaurants which separate smoking area and non smoking area. But separating is not enough, they should ban smoking completely. Third, if restaurants ban smoking, they will be able to earn more money. The number of people who don't smoke is much more than that of people who smoke, and due to raise of tax of tobaccos, the number of people who don't smoke is likely to decrease. So, if restaurants ban smoking, more people who don't like smoke like me will go to the restaurants. After all, to ban smoking is good for both customers and restaurants.


I agree with this opinion. I also think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. First of all, smoking is very bad for our health. It can cause heart disease, lung cancer or some serious illness. Of course people who smoke to be damaged but people who don't smoke also to be damaged for their health. People whom age is less than 20 are banned in law in Japan due to the influence for their health. But if people who is more than 20 years old smoke, the smog flow in the air. It means that everyone in the same space smoke as well as smoking people. There many kind of people in the restaurant. Secondly tobacco is very expensive because it contains high rate of tax. Tobacco is expensive and bad for our health. So buying tobacco is waste of money and time. As buying tobacco there is no profit for us. If we buy tobacco it is better to buy something that is good for our health no matter how it is a little expensive. If we want to smoke by all means we should go another limited room that is permitted to smoke or out of building.


I do not agree this opinion that Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Certainly, Smoking makes air dirty and bad smell. Cigarette is bad for the body. It is contain many material that causes cancer. Many smokers are died because of cancers. But the best reason of person not smoking hate Smokers is that smoke from smokers is bud for bodies too when people breathes it in. This is more effective than smoke themselves. So that, recently, smokers are disliked at almost places. However, I think smoking prohibited all the restaurants is not best way. Certainly smokers and people who don't smoke must be completely separated but cigarettes have been already the heavy part of our culture. Most important thing is that alarm the risk of smoking. So if smokers know It's danger enough, we should allow their smoking places. Like restaurant we can enter with our pet, that we can make smoke can be made. Some of my friends are smokers. They are good people. It is not good thing hate people because they are smoking. When they save smoking manner, for example don't smoke at public spaces, and don't make trouble to us, we should get along with them.


I don't agree with the idea that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, because those are the place where customers enjoy not only eating but also having a conversation and atmosphere. If the guests only do eat some hood there, smoking should be controlled. But people come to the restaurant in order to relaxing and enjoying by having meals. Imagine it when you are prohibited from wanting to do    now you want to be smoking in this case   , though you expected. I know many of smokers want to have a smoke after the meal. Please think that it is similar feeling to after the meal coffee in the person who has not smoked. Setting you have to take meals quickly aside, it is very boorish thing when you are deprived of the enjoyment of after the meal. And I do not say that I want to take smoking in everywhere. Only I am unpleasant in all seat no smoking. So, in restaurant, I think that it is good to divide the smoker seat and stop smoking seat. In not only smoking problems but also every thing, I think that it is good not to exclude only one side not to recommend only one side. People think about themselves and feel things in various ways, so I oppose the opinion that smoking should be perfectly forbidden at all the restaurants.


I agree with this topic that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are two reasons why I think so. First, smoking is bad for our health, especially lung. Smoking is known as the major cause of lung cancer. Smoking also causes many heart or bronchus diseases. If all the restaurants in the country would prohibit smoking, the number of smokers, or the number of smoking times might be decreasing, I think. Second, some of the nonsmoker spaces are insignificant. Many restaurants in Japan have nonsmoking space. But actually, sometimes smoke from tobacco comes to nonsmoking space from smoking space. It is very bad for nonsmoker because most of they are not like smoking smell. I'm nonsmoker, and I hate smoking smoke too. And generally speaking, it is more danger around smokers who have a smoke than smoker themselves. So they hate tobaccos smoke, all the more they are eating. However, for smokers, it is stressful that they cannot smoke, and maybe it is bad for their health. But smokers should stop smoking even if they are eating. So I'm in favor of this topic. I wish it would come true some day, and other public institution should be banned too, I think.


I definitely agree with this following idea "Smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in Japan. " On the country I have the opinion "Smoking should be completely banned in the all public places. " I have some reasons why I think so. First of all, smoking is very harmful to the health. For example, it is a leading cause of lung cancer. Smoking has a bad influence not only on smokers but also on passive smokers. And the influence on passive smokers is more harmful than the one on smokers. There are many kinds of people who come the restaurant; family, students, old people and perhaps the people who have the allergy to tobacco. If there is only one man who smokes, all people are forced to breathe the smoke of tobacco. Secondly, seeing someone smoking and smell of tobacco lose our appetite completely. We go to restaurant to eat and enjoy delicious foods. Smoking in restaurant spoils such thing. For the people who dislike tobacco itself, to take a glance at someone smoking loses their appetite. And smell of tobacco spoils food's good smell that stimulates their appetite. And I think smoking at the table is very rude for the cook at the restaurant. For smoking makes the sense of taste. Thirdly, restaurant is the public place. In the public place there are many kinds of people. Some people dislike tobacco. I think the all thing that trouble other people should be banned in public place. For these reasons, I agree with the thinking "Smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in Japan. " And I think smoking should be banned in other places.


I don't think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Actually, in many public place smoking is banned. Especially I don't think that they should smoke at the street over walking. But I think they may smoke at the restaurant. Some friends of mine smoke, and they say that smoking can get rid of stress for them. At the restaurant I have a part time job the guests can smoke at all seats. When I see them smoking during job, it seems that they take a rest by smoking. But, the other hand, some guests hate smoking. I am often inquired if there is a non smoking room. Some of them give up entering my restaurant because of we have no non smoking room. I don't smoke, so I also can understand their thinking that smoking does harm. As a result, I think that there should be two spaces at the restaurant: smoking room and non smoking room. Then both smoker and non smoker will be able to enjoy eating and talking at the restaurant. And I think they can spend comfortable at the restaurant. At not only restaurant but also other places it is important for them to understand their thinking each other. Then I think they can live more comfortable.


I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are two reasons why I think so. First, tobacco does harm to people and gives people no good. Tobacco's smoke has harmful substance. Sniffing the smoke is taking the substance in our body. It is reported by many doctors that taking the substance in our body join to high risk of lung cancer and second hand smoke has the more substance than main stream smoke. Second hand smoke is smoke from tobacco's one end which is burning. Main stream smoke is smoke from tobacco's another end. People who breathe second hand smoke is near smoker. Breathing second hand smoke is passive smoking and breathing main stream smoke is active smoking. In other words, if we mention only one tobacco, risk of lung cancer is higher in passive smoking than in active smoking. That means people who is near smoker has higher expectation of having lung cancer than smoker. It is trouble that be made breathing smoke which he doesn't hope and his lung cancer risk becomes higher. User of restaurant is many, so many user gives trouble. Second reason is that smoke of tobacco smells bad. I think this idea is not minority. The restaurant is place where we eat. When we eat, we enjoy not only taste but also smell. So bad air because of tobacco makes delicious dinner taste bad. Above two reasons make me think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


In my opinion, smoking should not be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are two reasons for that. The first thing is that people who like smoking do not want to go to the restaurant if smoking is completely prohibited. There are a lot of people who like smoking in Japan. Some of them often smoke after the meal. But they have to put up with smoking after it if smoking is controlled. So they can not enjoy eating and drinking at the restaurant. And for people who do not smoke, they can not go to the restaurant with smokers. The second thing is that the profit of the restaurant decreases if smoking is forbidden. If people who like smoking do not go to the restaurant, it is not too much to say that the profit of the restaurant decreases so much. In addition, it is possible that their family or friends do not go to the restaurant as many times as now. In such a case, it will be difficult for the owners of restaurants to keep restaurants. Today there are two kinds of seats in many restaurants. One is the seats for smokers; the other is the seats for people who do not smoke. I think that both smokers and people who do not smoke should enjoy at the restaurants. So this service seems good to me. That is why smoking should not be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


I think this statement is very good for many people. I think we should not smoke at restaurant. Because some people don't like smoke. There are many kinds of people and families with children at restaurant. Smoking make many people get uncomfortable. I think smoke have us don't taste and smell food. It is no means to eat and impolite for cooks. However, some kinds of people want to smoke at any place, only restaurant. They don't have any bad feelings for people who don't smoke. So I would like to both groups have good times. Recently, smoking area separates non smoking area in many restaurants. But some smoke come non smoking area. In this way, it is no means to separate. It is admitted to smoke at some restaurants, strong air conditioner should be had in them to remove smoke and change air. So I think we should separate smoking and non smoking area completely. For example, to make two flours or to build two buildings. But they are very costly and it needs wide ground. It is difficult to realize. It is the easiest way that smoking is banned at all the restaurants. But I want to find better way for both groups.


I disagree with this opinion because I think it is the best of people to stay without constraint. Surely, nonsmokers are likely to hate smoke because it smells bad and hurt not only smokers's body but also theirs. I'm one of them. So, I always want waiters to make smokers set away from me. If all the restaurant ban smoking, nonsmokers are happy to be released from smoke and may be able to eat calmly. While, if this situation was realized, smokers would get angry. Or, someone may do nothing but eat without going restaurant. And, it is no exaggeration to say that smoking is the most important thing for them. If they were robbed the cigarette, they would be unsettled state of mind or be much stressed. Then, I think that it is the best way for people to establish both smoking area and nonsmoking area at the same restaurant. As smoke doesn't pour into nonsmoking area, an equipment such as big air cleaner must be placed. So, both smokers and nonsmokers get to stay without constraint and be pleased to go there. The restaurant also can earn much more. Thus, restaurant must make customers as much as possible be satisfied with service and kindness. I assert that as one of the service, to establish both smoking area and nonsmoking area is welcome to everyone.


Naturally, it is necessary to divide the smoking seat and the no smoking seat at a restaurant. Because I do not smoke, I think all seats no smoking to be good. However, if the smoking rate of Japan takes 25% into consideration, the separation of smoking areas might be the best selection. It is really unpleasant that they smoke in the vicinity though not all the person who doesn't smoke the cigarette feel so. It is unpleasant even to encounter in the town, much less at the table. Moreover, you will have divided the seat though it thinks from smoker's viewpoint. Following the trend of the times, smoking in the shop not separating smoking areas is considerably insensitive. I think that the shop shouldn't make them endure cigarette while they are in the shop. Of course you may be in the inside such a shop. However there are a lot who like smoking with or after eating. It is natural that the shop answers the demand. To tell the truth, there are not so much a lot of stores where the seat is divided in the entire restaurant though in a fast food and a major multiple store the separation of smoking areas is common sense already. The consideration of the shop is certainly a problem. If possible, I think that you should make the no smoking seat. However guest's mind is most importantly. Do not smoke in when the trouble hangs in the person in the next seat.


I agree with the idea that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurant in Japan. There are three reasons why smoking should be forbided. First, smoking is harmful for our health. My father smoked two box a day. My mother tried hard to break him of the habit of smoking. But father was obstinate in refusing to stop smoking as mother ordered him. At length, father had a sore throat terribly from smoking too many cigarettes. Father finally overcame his smoking habit. Second, in the first place, the restaurants are the place where we enjoy dinner or lanch, Not the place where you smoke. When you enjoy your dinner with your family or your Friends, if someone smokes next to your table, how do you feel? If you were me, I got angry entremly and I could not enjoy dinner. And cigarettes smoke makes dinner bad. Third reason is passive smoking. This reason is the most important reason in my mind. I want smokers not to forget what I say following. Passive smokers do not smoke but share their air space with smokers. That is to say, those who never smoke are as same as those who smoke. So the risk that they get lung cancer is nearly same probability. Accordingly, I agree with the idea that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurant in Japan.


I agree with this idea of Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are three reasons I think. First, tobaccos do harm to people by the smoke. There are many poisonous substances and very bad smell in the smoke. People who don't smoke feel ill and can't eat deliciously. Nonsmoking people eat at a restaurant for the same money that smoking people pay. But if they can't eat deliciously because of the smoke, it is not able to forgive. Second, though the restaurants have smoking area and nonsmoking area now, they are divided the one room so the division of smoking or nonsmoking doesn't mean. The two areas connect each other so the smoke can go through the area. I don't know why the restaurants permit it. Third, smoking at the table is bad manner. Around the table people must feel ill eating delicious dishes by the terrible smoke. And people who smoke tobacco are likely to be looked proud. Other people also feel that tobacco is bad thing. Those three reasons make me agree with the idea of smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking has some problems. First, cigarettes have a nicotine. This has drug's elements like a malaria. Drug's elements are very dangerous, in order to be a nicotine, you can not stop to smoke. I don't know the mind of junkies that continue to smoke. But if they want to stop to do, I get pity for them. Second, cigarettes have tars. Many people think tars are substances promoting cancer growth. And cigarettes have more than forty kinds of substances promoting cancer growth. Cancer is also danger. I don't have heard easy cancer treatment. Third, smokers and around people breathe in CO gas. CO tends to combine with Hb called hemoglobin. Hb is a role transporting Oxygen to all body. Fourth, tabaco's smell is always avoided. One of the people is me. I like clear and clean air. Finally, smoking is harmful to health of no smoking people. Thin is the worst point in smoking problems. So, I don't want you to smoke at place existing smokeless people. But, if restaurants are separating smoking space from no smoking, I may permit to smoke at restaurants. Then, of course, restaurants must not come drifting smoke.


From the beginning, I firmly object to smoking. Smoking do harm to you. For example, it lessen your strength, it has carcinogenicity, It makes you liable to be hard to recover from sickness, and so on. The above facts are very famous. But some young people, especially teenagers, don't know the above facts. Of course a lot of young people know the above facts. But even these people also don't know the real terror of smoking. In a word, they make light of smoking. Some people begin to smoke with a slight interest. Then they come to be prone to be addicted to tobacco. Finally they can't refrain from smoking. I think that the most serious terror of smoking is secondhand smoking. If you don't smoke but you have the person who smokes around you, you suffer the harm of tobacco. And to our surprise, the smoke does more harm to the person who doesn't smoke than to the person who smokes. Then there are a lot of restaurant that doesn't have no smoking seat or no smoking area. In my opinion, such restaurants should set up no smoking seats or no smoking area. Frankly speaking, I think that the statement Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurant. In Japan. is an excessive enforcement.


I don't agree with that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Today, in Japan, you may often see signs No smoking at many places. For example, you can find that at offices, colleges and stations. It is sure that smoking is bad for our health, not only smoker but also nonsmoker. But I think these days movements against smoking go too far. In this topic, it just solve by separating smoking people from no smoking people. From the beginning, a restaurant is space to relax. Although smoking harm one's health, smoking relax smoker. So I think we should think not prohibit smoker from smoking but how separate smoker from nonsmoker. Too interfering with people who have different thought is not good for our society. It is better that we find the way to live together in same place. So I think this topic is very trivial. It needs just a little device. The equipment that separate people who smoke from people who don't smoke become the solution, I think. So we have not need to think all or nothing. From these reason, I don't agree with smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


I agree the idea that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are three reasons why I think smoking should be completely controlled. First, smoking is very harmful for smoking people themselves. Smoking people have high risks of disease such as lung cancer, larynx cancer. If pregnant mother smokes, her baby smokes, too. Then, the baby get same risk. Second, smoking also does harm to non smoking people. We call this problem passive smoking. Even if we don't smoke (and hate smoking), we are snuffing smoke coming from tobacco. Smoking people smoke through filters, but other people inhale directly. Passive smoking has a risk to the health of the people who have been troubled with asthma. I am suffering from asthma, so I won't inhale smoke of tobacco in the restaurants. Third, smoking during the meal is rude for cooks of the restaurant. Long time habits of smoking take away smokers' normal taste. Cooks want guests to eat their great dishes deliciously, but they will be disappointed if guests smoke during the dinner. Many smokers (like my father) can't stop smoking despite their will. So, I think society should deprive them of their smoking opportunity.


I don't agree with the idea that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I have two reasons. First, smokers cannot eat out and enjoy with their friends if smoking is controlled at restaurants. These days smoking is prohibited at many restaurants and cafes. My family and some friends are also smokers so when I go out with them, we have to search the restaurants where we are allowed smoking. I let them smoke at least when we rest. Surely smokes may be unpleasant for people who don't smoke. However, if so, restaurants have only to part smoking section and nonsmoking section so I think smoking don't need to be banned. Second, if smoking is prohibited, people smoke out of buildings and town become unsanitary. When I went to New York, people smoke on the street because smoking is controlled at almost buildings. Therefore many cigarette butts are on the street. Accordingly that people are allowed smoking in the buildings is better than that street become dirty. By these reasons, I don't think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. The best way for smokers and nonsmokers is the way to part smoking area and nonsmoking area. If so, we can choose which area we stay and people who don't smoke also eat and rest comfortably.


I disagree with the opinion that smoking should be completely banned at the restaurants in Japan. The reason to disagree with it is that it is too severe. I do not smoke and dislike smoking. Smoking is very bad for the health of smoking people and people around smoking people. Also smoking costs highly. In restaurants, smoking makes delicious foods bad. I think smoking has no merit. But people who want to smoke exist. For such people, I think areas where people can smoke should be placed. That smoking place is not left makes smoking people stressful. If drinking is completely banned like the same reason, I can't stand it. But I want to say about smoking. Though I think smoking places should be kept, some smoking people smoke in the place where people must not smoke. I don't excuse it. Some people dislike smoking very much and anther people may become sick for it. Smoking people must keep the rules and have good manners of smoking. If they completely do that, I think smoking does not have to ban. Smoking itself is legal and for people to smoke is free. As long as people don't trouble the other when they do something, everyone doesn't have a right to ban it.


I don't agree with this statement that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Because this statement is too severe to follow. In fact, it is clear that smoking is one of the most causes to lead to cancer. And smoking gives bad influence to not only their own but also around people. I think this is the worst point of smoking. And I need not ban smoking completely. I think that the restaurants should divide into smoking people and not smoking people. GREEN MOS BURGER is a good example. In there, smoking seats are placed outside the shop and non smoking seats are placed inside the shop. This is very interesting. Few years ago, in there, smoking seats were placed inside the shop. This is cared about this problem. Now at the many restaurants, smoking seats and non smoking seats are divided inside the shop. I am satisfied with this situation. But the restaurants that are banned smoking are increasing. So if I think about the matter in terms of management, it is good to build the restaurants for smoking people. These are the reasons why I don't agree the statement that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


Recently, in Japan many people got to know the risk and unnecessariness of smoking in society. Thus, I think it is necessary to ban from smoking at all the restaurants in the country. There are three reasons why I think so. Firstly, smell of dishes sweet smell, sour smell and so on  is very important in restaurants. And the cigarette spoils a smell of the cooking. It is true that there is some person who wants to smoke while eating a dish or drinking liquor, but the smoking should be prohibited at the restaurant if we think about many other people. Secondly, the smoke of the cigarette may spoil equipment: for example, wallpaper or ornament in the restaurant. It is very wasteful if these things are very precious valuable things. Thirdly, the prohibition of smoking is a flow of the modern society. It becomes natural on a train and the platform. Or there are many places that you cannot smoke in the workplace. So it is thought that it is a matter of course to prohibit smoking at a restaurant. In conclusion, the smoking should be banned in all Japanese restaurants.


I think it is very good that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are some reasons so that I think so. The first reason is because I don't like the cigarette. I dislike the smoke of the cigarette which other people smoke, and of course I don't smoke. So, I don't want to be disturbed the meal at the restaurant by the smoke of the cigarette of other people. The second reason is because the cigarette has a bad influence on a body. Smoking cause the diseases such as the lung cancer, if it is terrible, there can be the mortal thing to smoker. In addition, the harm of the cigarette extends to not only the smoking person himself but also the person of the circumference. By passive smoking, the family of the smoker is easy to come to suffer from diseases such as lung cancer, too. The last reason is because even if we separate smoking seats from non smoking seats, I think that we cannot intercept smoke completely. The eating people will feel unpleasantly when smoke comes. As conclusion, from these reasons, I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


I oppose banning smoking completely at all the restaurants in the country. Because there are some faults. I would like to write about them. Firstly it ignores human rights of smokers. Smoking surely causes harm to people in surround. But smokers have right of smoking. It is no good that we one sidedly force our opinions. Secondly managers of restaurants lose the revenue by ban the smoking. Because banning the smoking prevent guests of smoker go to the restaurant. So the number of guests decreases and the revenue also decreases. Thirdly restaurant is precisely the place where guest comfortably enjoys eating. For smokers it is necessary to smoking to have a good time. Therefore banning smoking is equal with disturbing smokers' right of enjoying. Finally banning smoking treats nonsmoker well and treats smokers coldly. This is a kind of discrimination. Even kids know that discrimination is bad. It pays attention to only nonsmokers. For such reason, I oppose banning smoking completely at all the restaurants in the country. But I agree with placing some nonsmoking seats, because it reflects nonsmokers' rights. This way brings equality between smoker and nonsmoker. However, it is not probably best way. I would like to study deeply and find the better way.


I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Roughly, I have two reasons to agree with this proposal. First of all, those who smoke are minority. These days, the population of smoking is decreasing gradually. In fact, according to JT, 10 years ago, 56. 1% of Japanese men smoked. But, in 2005, only 45. 8% of Japanese men smoke. So, no smoking is the trend of these days. We should not ignore this chance. In addition, the rate of Japanese women smoke is only 13. 8%. Simply, only 30% of Japanese people smoke. It is not wise, not efficient to satisfy only 30% of people, and to dissatisfy 70% of people. It is so crazy! So, we need not think about the minority ? those who smoke. We should think about the greatest happiness of the greatest numbers(Jeremy Bentham). Secondly, the smoke of tobaccos makes people who don't smoke feel unhappy. At least, in Japan, eating is regarded as the part of the culture. Eating is the part of our happiness. So, eating is very important, cultural, and holy. But, smoking destroys it. Smoke destroys the perfume, and the taste of meals. No, not only the meals, but also they destroy the culture of eating! So, as it were, smoke is the destroyer. It can call smoke as offender. I can't put up with it! So, I want to expel smoke from restaurants!


I agree with the opinion that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Tobacco damages the health of people who smoke and don't smoke. When there are people who smoke in the same room, people who don't smoke feel bad and cough. People who smoke will feel so comfortable when they smoke. But tobacco trouble people who don't smoke and they feel so bad. Restaurants and coffee shops are areas where we take a rest. So, people who don't smoke visit there in order to take a rest. But there are people who are smoking in a same room, people who don't smoke can't feel comfortable. I think that people who want to smoke should smoke outside and in the areas which are allowed to smoke. I think that it is a minimum manner. Tobacco gives not only harm to people's health, but also bad smell caused by smoke. Because of the bad smell, most people who don't smoke feel bad. And the bad smell remains for a long time. The bad smell cling to our hairs, clothes, and bodies. So, I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants and coffee shops in Japan.


I disagree with an opinion that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I have two reasons for this. Firstly, recently in Japan, most restaurants have both of smoking seat and nonsmoking seat. You are asked which seat you like when you come into restaurants. So if you do not smoke or dislike smoke, you can choice nonsmoking seat. I think that it is not necessary to be banned smoking at all restaurants. Secondly, we often hear that people who smoke love to have a smoke after eating. So they maybe want to have a smoke after they eat in restaurants. Only if there are both of smoking seat and nonsmoking seat, I think that they may smoke after eating. Many people think that smoking is harmful for their health. Actually, smoking is said that it is worse than useless. And then, clouds of smoke by people who smoke give harm to people who do not smoke. But people who have smoked heavily for a long time depend on cigarette heavily and can not stop smoking immediately. I think that you may smoke unless you keep the manner and do not have trouble anyone. So I disagree with an opinion that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


I don't agree with the statement that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants at all. This is not because I am a smoker. In fact, I don't smoke at all and hate smoking. Then, there are some reasons why I think so. These days, it is very often said that smoking is not good for our health and smoking tend to get a cancer. However, many people smoke in spite of the advice. In addition, there is an opinion that when nonsmokers breathe the smoke of cigarette, nonsmokers tend to get a cancer more than smoker tend to do. Only because of these reasons, it is too one sided to adapt smoker to nonsmoker. In restaurants, if they ban smoking in all areas, people who want to smoke can't smoke and if they put up with smoking, they can't enjoy themselves and maybe they feel bad. I think that it is good to make the partition wall or the partition room that separate smokers from nonsmokers. When we do it, it isn't one sided and it is a fair solution, I think. In restaurants these days, some make such things and shop assistants ask us whether we smoke or not or which seats we sit down. So, it is nice to be complete. Therefore, there is no necessity to be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


I certainly agree to the idea of Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. It is because it has now been a worldwide approach of increasing and spreading non smoking areas. First of all, just like many other western countries are concerned of, Japan is also increasing non smoking areas throughout Japan. Public buildings had first taken its action in various governmental offices and into social facilities. And now it has gradually but surely spread into private facilities like theaters, big and small shops, restaurants and companies. It seems that people had finally become to think about the non smokers. It has even been taken into transportations like buses, taxis, trains and planes. Secondly, we have to be aware that restaurants are the most sociable places where various people get together. Their customers consist of children to elderly adults. Therefore, it is obvious that smoking is not good for them. Moreover we also have to be aware that people eat at the restaurants. Smoking would certainly destroy the flavor of food and drinks. Finally, I would have to say that smoking is not good for one's health. Cigarette smoke is now considered to be harmful to non smokers as well as smokers. Therefore, to think of others, it is fair enough for smokers to smoke in smoking permitted places. As a result, more and more non smokers want a smoke free environment. And in the future, as I feel a little sorry for the smokers, but they would soon have an even harder time finding places to smoke.


I think smoking should not be banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are three reasons which make I think so. Fist, there is a surely fact that many people want to smoke. If smoking is banned at all restaurants, many place where they can smoke reduce. We, who do not smoke, hate smoke which is produced by tobacco, and be happy if smoking is banned. But I feel this action ignored their thought. We have to think about people who want to have comfortable time to smoke. Second I think banning smoking is not necessary. Why reason I think so is that if the restaurant separates its space, for example one is for people who smoke and another is for people who do not smoke, it is not needful action to ban smoking. Finally if smoking is banned at all restaurants, some restaurants are against it. Because these restaurants gather people to take them place for smoking. Then they have to other way to gather customers. I think these three statements is connected. To see these reasons linked, I think smoking should not be banned at all the restaurants in the country.


I think smoking should be completely banned at the restaurant in Japan There are three reasons why I can agree with the ban on smoking. First, smoking in restaurant does harm to non smoker. It is called passive smoking. Its harm is as dangerous as risk smoker has. and in public place, restaurant non smoker think unpleasant. Second, smoking disturb that we enjoy the dinner taste. even nonsmoker around smoker. and it is rudeness to chef in the restaurant. Because, every chef must be in earnest to please guest. Third, every restaurants have original mood. for example, bright, adult, clean etc. It relate the restaurant, s image. But, smoking destroy the mood and image. The reputation of restaurant go bad. Therefore the profit will be diminished. I may overstate, however the restaurant allow smoker to smoke may go bankrupt. I explain three reasons. And I think smoking affect nonsmoker and the restaurant. So, every restaurant should completely ban smoking. Also I think smoking area also should be removed. Smoking smell hang over even no smoking area. Limited smoking area is only nonsense. Finally, smoking should be banned not only restaurant but also other public place. For example, school park road etc. Smoker should find other method of relaxing and entertainment.


I agree with the statement. In public areas, I think, people should not be admitted to smoke. Until the time I spent at *** University for a few months, I thought that the only thing to do was to separate smoking areas from non smoking areas. Then people who did not smoke could avoid others' smoking. But I was noticed it was not true. Let me talk about places outside restaurants for preparation for the main topic. I have seen many *** University students smoking at corridors and exteriors. I have also seen people smoking at stations or the places more than three meters from the smoking areas. They are non smoking areas. I think people who love smoking cannot will to bear non smoking situations. In restaurants, the main topic here, the matters even more vary. Restaurants are small domains but interiors. There, people on non smoking seats will not smoke because they are extremely controlled by other people's eyes. But, smoke caused at admitted seats more or less goes to non smoking seats. Also, non smokers often sit on admitted seats in crowded restaurants. The only way they protect people from smoking is to ban it in public domains, of course with laws. Certainly punishing hard is not always the best way. Crimes by boys and girls seem not to be reducing despite increasing hard punishes. But smoking is not the same with killing a person. Feelings toward killing could sometimes become unbearable, but feelings toward smoking will not if there is punish. There are many people who hate the smell of others' smoking. Smoking is also harmful for the health of people around smokers. The number of smokers, especially of young ones, is decreasing from year to year. It is time to increase non smoking areas greatly, and ban all smoking inside the areas.


I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are three reasons why I think smoking should be so. First, I don't smoking and don't like smoking. My father doesn't smoking, too because he was hospitalized with a disease ten years ago. He stops smoking to be careful about health. Some my friends are smoking but I think they stop smoking with me. Particularly, when we have lunch together, I think so, too. Second, Smoking is very smoky and bad sell. Some people that are not smoking feel unpleasant when some people are smoking in the same restaurants. In such a situation some people that come to the restaurant to have good dish can not have good dish. Third, Smoking gives not only a smoking person but also the person whom there is around bad influence in them body. Now smoking is banned at many public places, train and bus because passive smoking is known as the cause of lung cancer. I think that some people that are not smoking do not want to go to the restaurants that there are some smoking people and a parent having the child does not want to go there.


I think smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in Japan. There are three reasons why I agree with the ban on smoking. First, my family and I don't smoke, so I smell the little flavor of cigarettes. And I don't like it very much. I think many people also don't like it. Moreover, because of the smell of cigarettes, we can't taste the meal at a restaurant and we can't eat delicious meal. So it is important to ban smoking at all restaurants. Secondly, there are smoking seats and nonsmoking seats at some restaurants. When nonsmoking seats are full and I don't want to wait, I may go to smoking seats. If smoking is completely banned at all the restaurants, I may sit soon at nonsmoking seats. Finally, I think that if the place where we can smoke decrease, people who stop smoking increase. And we can live more comfortable than today. For example, we may not smell the flavor of cigarettes at a station or in the city. In addition to that, illnesses such as lung cancer decrease. Man say cigarettes do harm for health. Smoking has a bad effect not only on smoker but also on non smoker.


I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are some reasons that I insist on in this way. First, this may not be known widely; more than 4, 000 kinds of chemical substances are included in the smoke of the cigarette. And surprisingly, as for the chemical substances more than 200 kinds of those, harmfulness is proved. Three materials which are the most famous for such a toxic material are tar, nicotine, carbon monoxide. It is proved that these materials induce the fatal diseases such as cancer, heart trouble, and the cerebral infarction medically. Second, this is to be connected with the first reason, there is the problem of people around the smoker. These problems are generally called the problems of passive smoking, the passive smoker take in the toxic substances in the body just to be in the place. Besides, according to the medical study, it proved that influence that the smoke of the cigarette is worse for a woman and a minor. The restaurant is the place where various people gather for a meal, there may be the people who want to refuse smoking in there. Because the restaurant is a place to eat not a place to smoke. So I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I have two reasons. The first reason is that I think smoker may have less opportunity to smoke in a day. Smoking is bad to human's health if smokers smoke too much. The probability of getting lung cancer will be increase. In addition, too much smoking stain teeth. They will smoke too much in a restaurant because they can relax there. So, if only not to smoke in a restaurant, the number of cigarettes which they smoke will be decrease. The second reason is that smoking affect not only smokers' health but also others' health. If they have a lunch or dinner with their friend at a restaurant and smoke a cigarette, he or she breathes the smoke of cigarettes. Then, it is possible that the smoke affect their friends' health. Beside, if he or she hates the smell of the smoke, he or she will be displeased at the smoke. He or she can not enjoy having a lunch or dinner and talking. Then, if they smoke at a restaurant, the smoke will affect also people who are at the near table. So, I think smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in Japan.


I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants. There are two reasons why I agree with the ban on smoking. First, for non smokers, passive smoking is very trouble issue. In restaurants, to avoid the passive smoking, there are two kinds of sheets, for non smokers and smokers. But that is not so effective. This is because when we eat, we sometimes smell smoke. Then, we feel delicious meal becomes not delicious one. Families or students go restaurants to enjoy having lunch, but they can't enjoy. If smokers can't stop smoking while they eating, there are no way without banning. Second, lung cancer is very terrible illness. By taking much smoke into our bodies, we will come to have lung cancer. Now, many people smoke. So, most of them are likely to have lung cancer. Unfortunately, non smokers also come to be lung cancer by taking smoke which smokers supply. We can avoid the smoke outdoor, but, it is impossible to avoid indoor. I think smokers should be worried about non smokers. It is serious because this problem is related with our life. Banning smoking at all the restaurants may be able to decrease the number of people having lung cancer. This is why I think all the restaurants should be completely forbid smoking.


It is said that smoking is harmful. On the other hand, there is an opinion that smoking is harmless, too. I cannot judge whether smoking is harmful. However, I want to assume that smoking is harmful and to express my opinion. I think that smoking should not completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Because the no smoking seat and the smoking seat have already been divided, I think that it need not limit more than now. There may be a person who regards passive smoking as a problem, too, but I think it won't be a problem at all if a designer cares about to air conditioning. I think that the modern society becomes strict with a smoker. I think that the reason is that feelings that the Japanese wants to belong to the majority are strong. I think that they want to think that does a good action by blaming the minority. I do not trust mass communication and the government, and I think that it is necessary for people to think whether all matters are always true. The sale of the cigarette should be prohibited if smoking should be really prohibited. However, the reality is not so. A tax enters by a smoker. Therefore I think that the government does not prohibit a cigarette. I think that it is important to watch from various angles. Therefore I think that smoking should not be completely banned at all restaurants in Japan in view of economical aspect and psychological aspect.


I think smoking should be completely banned at all public places such as a restaurant, station, theater and college because cigarette smoke includes poison which is dangerous for people's health. And the people near smokers are also harmed by the poison of the cigarette smoke. I think there are three important things when the smoking problems are discussed. First, passive smoking has bad influence on our health. Moreover, it's more dangerous than smoking directly. Smokers might be prepared for the bad smoking influence and give up the idea of keeping their health. But passive smokers never think so. Most of them probably want to keep their health and enjoy their life for a long time. If a woman is pregnant, she should not smoke without question. And the people near her should pay attention to the situation of smoking. It is also dangerous for a baby to breath in the cigarette smoke. Second, habitual smoking needs a lot of money. So stopping smoking will solve the problem of a family budget. Now, the government in Japan plans a large increase in some kinds of taxes. If habitual smoking is improved, we might overcome such severe situation of a family budget. I think that stopping smoking is to family advantage. Third, heavy smokers, the people who smoke a lot every day, always have the risk of lung cancer. I have seen the picture of a lung suffered from nicotine. It showed that the lug turned from vivid pink to black by the influence of nicotine. The picture really shocked me. So, I don't smoke now and won't do in the future. After all, it doesn't profit us to smoke. Smoking harms both smokers and nonsmokers seriously. That is why smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants.


I think also that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. In this essay, I want to speak about this topic why I am agreeable from two viewpoints. At first, I decide to talk opinion from the situation as the restaurant user. As we know, the cigarette is very bad to a body even if I am passive even if active. In a restaurant, there are various people from a baby to the elderly. In the bar where only an adult is the cigarette matches alcohol, however in the restaurant where such a weak people is the cigarette becomes only the harm for a child. And subjectively, I feel the meal badly when I eat with smoke. (But I think the coffee seems to match a cigarette. ) Next, I will speak it from the situation of the employee of a restaurant. In fact, I work at an Italian restaurant. A main reason why such I agree is that a person who doesn't smoke can't sit in the seat so that there are smoking seats. Recently the number of smokers decreases. But the number of smoking seats does not decrease. As a result, a waiting room overflows with a person waiting for a non smoker seat. If a smoking seat disappears, the turn of the shop improves and the profit of the shop increases. In addition, there is the reason that it is troublesome for me to prepare an ashtray. Due to these, I agree to this opinion.


I agree the opinion that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I think that we enjoy not only taste of food but also a smell of food between meals at the restaurants. A smell of food is important for meals. Smoking give bad influence on other people. When other customer are smoking, non smoke customer can not appreciate a smell of food because of passive smoke in the air. Non smoke customer may feel that even the taste of food is different. Besides, it is possible that passive smoke in the air made us lose our appetite. I also have experience like this at the restaurants. Moreover, passive smoking is harmful for our health than active smoking. Passive smoke in the air makes a mess of meals at the restaurants. I think that it is not necessary for smoker to smoke at meals. If smoker want to smoke at meals, they should go outside the restaurants and smoke to their heart's content. All customers have the right to appreciate meals at the restaurants. I think that we should take this right into account. For that reason, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


I think that smoking shouldn't be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Someone may disagree to me because smoking is bad not only for the smoker but also for other people. But, if all owners of restaurants in Japan banned to smoke, smokers would feel very sad. Indeed, I also hate the smell of smoke, yet we cannot ignore the right of smokers. I sometimes go to restaurant with my friends or family. Then, we are often asked by the staff whether there is smoker in us. This means that the restaurant has smoking area and non smoking area. It is good system because two rights are thought about. What two rights mean are the right of smoking and the one to get clean air. Recently, smoking is banned at too many places. For example, it's banned in parks, on streets or even at restaurants. Probably, smokers want to go to restaurant. But it's hard for them to stop smoking. So, restaurants should have two areas, which is smoking area and non smoking area. Good society is the one that all the people (of course include smokers) can live comfortably. So, smoking should be allowed at some areas in restaurants.


I think that smoking should not be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I have two reasons why I think so. First, I think cigarettes can make one's identity and tell me felling of smoker. I have some friends and acquaintances who I characterize smoker. They who are not smoking are not real them for me and I like them who are smoking better than them who are not smoking. Furthermore, I guess feeling of smokers by their pace of smoking and how to smoke. So cigarettes are important for me when I talk with smokers. I want to enjoy spending with real them in restaurant and talk with real them. I think restaurant is not only place to eating but also place to have a good time. Second, I think cigarettes can make atmosphere. It is dangerous, mysterious and adult atmosphere. I think that some restaurants contain this atmosphere and attraction of these restaurants is composed of this atmosphere. Probably customers of these restaurants enjoy this atmosphere. If smoking is banned completely at these restaurants, the number of customers will reduce. I think we should remain these restaurants, but if smoking is banned completely at these restaurants, these restaurants will vanish. By these reasons, I think smoking should not be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


I don't agree to this statement. I don't like smoking, but this statement is too extreme. I have never smoked before, and perhaps I won't smoke in the future. Because smoking is bad for the health, and modern society is against smokers. As a mat ter of fact, the people who try to stop smoking and have already stopped smoki ng are increasing. However, the most reason why I don't like smoking is that I hate the flavor o f smoke. It is simple reason. But when I breathe smoke, I cannot stop coughing. I mentioned disadvantage of smoking, but I don't think smoking should be comp letely banned at all restaurant in Japan. Most restaurants in Japan have smok ing area and nonsmoking area. I think it is good system. I have never felt bad in Japanese restaurant because of smokers. It is impractical to ban smoking a t all restaurants. I think smokers should not be limited still more. Today, smoking is banned at many place in Japan, and more and more smoking ar eas are disappearing. It is pleasure for the people who don't like smoking. I am also one of the people who think so. However, I think we have to consider s mokers as well as nonsmokers. I hope smokers and nonsmokers are satisfied at r estaurant.


I think that smoking can be harm. So, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. When I go to a restaurant, I almost choice no smoking seat. But if there is near to smoking seat, sometimes I feel tobacco smoke. And I become sad, because I dislike tobacco smoke. The environment of place to eat has a great influence on our appetite and feelings. One of important point is smell containing tobacco smoke. Cigarette has not only the smell but also smoke coming into our mouth and eyes. One don't care cigar smoke, but another might be damaged by the secondhand smoke. According to circumstances, the customer having asthma or allergy may come in restaurant. And a pregnant woman or a small children might sit down in the space being smoke. Certainly, smoker have feeling to want to puff at a cigar. But I think that no smoking people's sufferings of smoke are bigger than smoker's suppression to smoking. Smoker can smoke in different place and time, for example outside or park or place where there is not people who dislike tobacco smoke. Now restaurant measure for smoke is not enough. All smoke can't be absorbed in an air vent. Restaurant is place where many and various people gather to enjoy mealtime and eat good tasting foods. I don't understand why we are permitted to smoke in restaurant, while hospital and office have been restricted. I agree to refuse smoking in restaurants as one of solution.


I agree with this opinion. Tobacco is worse than useless. Tobacco have two bad reasons. Firstly, smoke is an unpleasant smell to nonsmokers. Especially, nonsmokers are displeased with smoke when they eat. Before, I and my mother ate at one of restaurant. This restaurant was very fassionable itarian restaurant. But, this restaurant didn't have no smoking seat. We were suffocated by smoke when we ate pasta. Each foods have smell. People feel foods have good smell. But, smoke is very bad smell. Smoke make nonsmokers lose their appetite. So, smoke not only make nonsmokers displease and cling to cloths and body but also make nonsmokers lose their appetite. Secoundly, smoke is very poisonous. From recent studies, smoke do not only smorkers but also nonsmoker who stay near by smoker. On the countrary, nonsmoker who stay near by smoker rathar than smoker was risked their own life. Commonly, people know that smokers get cancer &#8211;especially lung cancer easier than nonsmokers. But smoke damaged even people who stay near by smoker. I think that smoke is free. So, I pity that smoker is limitted place of smoke. But, smoker can damage other differ from smoker can smoke freely. They should not trouble for other.


I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are two reasons about my opinion. Firstly, it is bad for us to smoke, though this is not only problem in the restaurants. And smoking does not only harm the smokers, but also harm the nonsmokers. I think that this is a strange story. Smoking not only harms the customers who come to a restaurant but also harms the workers who work on a restaurant. If we work on restaurant from morning till night everyday, the passive smoking will harm our health. Passive smoking is the act of breathing in smoke from other people's cigarettes. The passive smoking more harms our health than the active smoking. So if we make our health care hard, it may be bad for us to work on a restaurant. I think that we should keep our offices clean, when we consider the worker's health. Secondly, smoking makes the taste of a delicious meal bad. And smoking also spoils a cheerful mood of the meal. We do not come to enjoy at all for this. I had had a hot time with my friends, when I went to a restaurant with friends. But I got out of the restaurant, for I hated next customer to smoke. Therefore, I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. First, if people eat or drink with smoking, they will feel foods and drinks less delicious than they have a meal without smoking. Second, it is very important reason, smoking gives people so bad effect. Smoking is the major cause of the lung cancer. The effect reaches to not only the man who smokes practically but also people who are around the smoker. To make matters worse, the effect which passive smokers were given is larger than it which active smokers were given. So stop smoking is healthful for both smoker and people who are around the smoker. I am really afraid of the disease by smoking. Of course I will never smoke in my lifetime, but I cannot stop other people's smoking. The other day, I went to a nearby restaurant with my family. We sat on no smoking seats. But then I noticed the smell of smoke. It is because the smoke flowed from smoking area to no smoking area. Smoking area's air and no smoking area's air were not completely separated!! Thus, if smoking area and no smoking area are separated by the words, it is difficult to separate the air completely. So for the sake of everyone's nice meals and health, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


I think smoking should be completely banned at all at the restaurant in Japan because I h ave three below the opinion. First thing is that cigarette has it itself. It is the effect of passive smoking. Passive smoking injures the people around a smoker without their volition. And passive smoking has more harmful than active smoking. Second, now most restaurant separate smoking seat and nonsmoking one. But it cannot separ ate SMOKE. It floats anywhere. Only perfect locked room can do it, however, it doesn't real ize in the restaurant in Japan. And more smoking seat often is near the bathroom in the Japa nese restaurant. So many people baby, child, pregnant woman, and elder  have to pass near th e smoking seat, of course, if they don't smoke. I mean, nonsmokers feel so bad because of s mokers. It resemble that the noise of in the train. For example, the loudly talk, the leak o f sound from earphone and the call on the cell phone. Finally, the climate in Japan is becoming Non smoking. I was scared the light of cigare tte. This words is said by small boy and girl on the poster. In Japan now the goverment im poses a duty on cigarettes. And already, smoking seats is excluding from many places. And first of all, smoking harms the smokers very much...


I don't agree with this opinion. I think we don't need to ban smoking at all the restaurants in the country. First these days almost restaurants have smoking seats and non smoking seats. I think that this way is very good. Indeed I don't smoke and don't like tobacco's smoke. However thanks to separate smoking area and non smoking area I feel comfortable at the restaurants. Some people may claim that tobacco's smoke flow to a non smoking area and smokes are affected their health, what is called passive smoking. Surely passive smoking attacks human's health. But if smoking is banned at all the restaurants, we cannot escape from passive smoking. Because humans have already polluted the air by tobacco's smoke. If you completely want not to have passive smoking, you must use a mask always. So we non smokers should bear to passive smoke. Second I think we should not blame smokers. It's because smokers have to pay tobacco tax. In Japan it is important to receive tobacco tax. Tobacco tax is large. Today Japan has a lot of debts. If revenue of tobacco tax gradually decreases, Japanese debts increase and consumption tax rise surely. Finally I think that we non  smokers need to care about smokers little more. Smoking is the way of refreshing for smokers. If they cannot smoke at the restaurants, they don't feel comfortable at the restaurants. Therefore I don't agree with this topic. Thank you.


I agree with this idea. I think two ideas to opposite smoking in restaurant. First, smell of smoking spoil food. Taste of food depends on smell and sight. For example, if you are said that you must eat such a favorite food in the bathroom of the station, you would refuse eating food. Because, you think that you cannot eat food deliciously in the bad smell. That is why if I smell smoking when I am eating I cannot eat food tasty. There may be people who don't think smell of smoking uncomfortable. But such a people are minority. Most of the people who not smoke feel uncomfortable by smell of smoking. For such a people, I ask smokers not to smoke when they are eating. Second, smoke is too bad for our health. Of course smokers tend to become lung cancer. But, people who smell smoking are more dangerous. Smell of smoking is poison to people who want to live healthy. I think, it is adult manner to take care about surroundings. If all the people save manner, we can eat food comfortably for each other. Under two reasons, I object to smoke at all the restaurant in Japan.


I hate smoking very much, so I really agree with the opinion. First, the reason I hate smoking is that tobacco do many harms and has bad influences on human body. It hasn't any merits, and I can find many demerits. Throat particularly tends to be hurt by it. It has very high probability to cause cancer, and some of the heavy smokers killed by it. Second, if smokers sit in the restaurant, the surrounding people also suffer from their tobacco smokes. In other words, tobacco has bad influences not only on smokers but also on the surrounding people. If there are children in the place, their brains are not developed in particular. Third, some people say that smoking people is very cool, but in my opinion, it isn't cool at all. It is rather dirty, nasty, and badly smells than cool. Though a smoking scene is broadcasted on the TV commercial, people working at the company is very foolish. If someone smokes a lot, their teeth will look like black, brown, or yellow. Their breath will smell bad. As a result, they will be hated by their surrounding people and lose their friends. Anyway, I hate smoking very much from all the point of view, so I really agree with the opinion that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country.


I think smoking should not be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I think that when the people who smoke exist in the situation which the people who smoke is not able to smoke in, the people who smoke doesn't feel good and comfortably eat dinner. But, I think that smoking causes all kinds of bad situations. For example, I think that if there are the people who smoke, the people don't know the taste of the cooks and eat. I think that smoke may extend to all areas in restaurants and the people who don't smoke may feel bad. So, I think that the people in the restaurant firstly construct the space in which there are the people who don't smoke and the space in which there are the people who smoke. Secondly, the people in the restaurant construct a wall between the two spaces. So, the people in the restaurant are able to deal with all kinds of people and the people in the restaurant solve all kinds of bad situations. Therefore, even if smoking is not banned at all the restaurants in the country, the people who smoke and another people comfortably eat dinner in a restaurant. As a result, I think smoking should not be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


Now, they say that a cigarret has an bad effect on the smoker's body. Because a cigarret contains a lot of poisonous substances, smokers tends to come down with various illness. In particular, many of smokers can have cancer and some of them will die of cancer. What is worse, this affects not only smokers but also nonsmokers who are only around smokers. Those who absorbed smoke which smokers smoked near them can have cancer more easily than smokers who directly smoke. It is true that smoking temporarily makes smokers pleasant, but after all stop smoking better for both smokers and nonsmokers considering their haelth in the future. When smokers smoke in the restaurant, even if the smoking place is devided into the nonsmoking place, smoke drift near nonsmokers. Therefore nonsmokers are often in dangerous position. If there is a man who take care of his health in the restaurant, a cigarret will cause him much trouble. In addition, due to smell of the cigarret, the smell of the cooking disappoints and the lunch will not delicious. It is better for smokers to be absorbed in eating lunch forgeting to smoke. In order to enjoy lunch in the restaurant, it is important to stop smoking.


Smoking is very harmful for people, especially young people and small children. The harm of smoking has a negative effect on people who don't smoke at all. For instance, cigarettes cause us cancer or some diseases. This is why they bother the smell, the smoke, and the harm of smoking. In fact, I hate it that smoker's smoke in where there are many nonsmokers without caring about the influence of their smoking. Moreover the harm of smoking affects not only the health of people but also the taste of people and the flavors of the foods. This effect is always very bad. For example, the smell of cigarettes changes the smell of dishes. We go to restaurants for eating some delicious dishes. That is why smoking in a restaurant improper to an occasion of a restaurant. Therefore, I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. And, I expect that the opinion realize more and more early, and then every smokers recognize cigarette don't need when they eat in restaurants and have manors about smoking. If we can't prohibit smoking in the restaurants at all, we should divide a restaurant into the space where we can smoke and we can't smoke.


Of course we know that restaurants is the place where we enjoy having lunch or dinner. There are no people who eat with smoking. If we have lunch or dinner with smoking, we feel like tasting bad. Maybe we don't go to restaurants alone but we go there with someone. In that situation, a person goes to restaurants with someone. If he smokes at the restaurant, probably other people hate it. A man who smokes at restaurants may feel good, but other people don't feel good, don't enjoy lunch or dinner. Smoking also does harm to weaken smoking people. If ever a smoking place is separated from non smoking place, a little smoke made by at smoking place will cover non smoking place. When the restaurant deal with the smoke, the restaurant must install machines which deal with smoke. The machines cost the restaurant much money. It is not good for the restaurant. So, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants. Smoking at the restaurants does harm many people, but non smoking at the restaurants doesn't harm any people. Non smoking at the restaurants needs for us to enjoy lunch or dinner there. It is important for us to keep manner where we have a lunch or dinner.


I disagree with the statement. Tobacco's smoke may do harm not only to smokers themselves but also to people who are near the smokers at restaurants. In fact, scientists say that smoke do more harm to people who are near smokers at restaurants than it do harm to the smokers themselves. So, many people may think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants. But, smokers also have rights to eat lunch at restaurants. Smokers also have rights to eat dinner at restaurants. So, smoking should not be completely banned at all the restaurants. On the other hand, from the restaurants' perspective, profit have cut down if smoking was completely banned at all the restaurants. Then, Japanese business also will cut down. It is worst thing. On the meaning of this thing, smoke should not be completely banned at all the restaurants. The most important problem is that everyone enjoy eating lunch at the restaurants. To achieve the goal, restaurants' staff should divide smokers with no smokers. For example, restaurants'staff should set up big wall between smokers and no smokers. Then, both smokers and no smokers enjoy having lunch. That is to say, smoking should not be completely banned at all the restaurants.


I agree with this opinion. Nowadays, smoking is banned at a variety of places, for instance, at station, hospital, community center and so on. This means that the number of people who don't like smoking is increasing and public opinion heads toward banning smoking. It is very comfortable for people who dislike smoking, including me, because we have not to breathe smoke there. Above all, we dislike breathing smoke while we are eating, for smoke make dishes' smell or tastes bad, so we should ban to smoke at the restaurant. In my family, my mother, my sister and I hate tobacco's smoke, but only my father like smoking very much. Therefore, we made some rules about smoking not to quarrel. First, nobody can smoke at the table and everybody must enjoy eating and talking each other. Thanks to this, we can enjoy our dishes very much. Second, my father can smoke only in his room if he wants to smoke in our house. This keeps our rooms' air clear. In these ways, we have some rules that limit smoking and we are in good each other. I think it is very comfortable for us to enjoy our meal without smoking. We should ban it.


Nowadays, the seats have separated for smokers and for non smokers in most of the restaurant. However it may be meaningless, because tobacco's smoke expands around the restaurant. It makes non smokers feel too bad. We go to restaurant for enjoying but if there are a few people smoking while miles, the pleasure of eating will be decrease. Not only uncomfortable, tobacco is bad for health. For instance, people smoking well are more likely lung cancer than non smokers. In addition, the tobacco does harm not only smokers but also non smokers as a passive smoking. In fact, many people who don't smoke but whose friends or family often smoke die of diseases relating with tobacco. This is a very big problem! Thus, tobacco has a lot of bat thing; bad feeling, many kinds of diseases and early death or so. I cannot say to stop smoking all over the world, but at least, in restaurant where people enjoy eating delicious foods, it should be completely banned. If smoking is forbidden in restaurant, a lot of people who hate tobacco's smell will be able to more enjoy eating out. The morals of smoking must be protected by smokers more strictly. We all have the right to eat comfortably, without tobacco's smoke.


I disagree with the statement. Some country seems to have a custom of smoking at dinner, same as even a child. It means that smoking is a good method to be relaxed and enjoy themselves at dinner time. More over, I've heard from my uncle, who loves smoking, that smoking is a tool with which people have a nice dinner and communicate with each other. Indeed we can see people enjoying having a meal and communicating at restaurant in Japan, say, izakaya or so. Though it might be because they are drinking, smoking must help them have a good time. Restaurants should offer the place where their customers can enjoy themselves and have a meal relaxed, even if someone who doesn't smoke insists that the smoke of tobacco does harm than good for him. It is a restaurant that is responsible for solving the problem like this. In other words, the restaurant should divide the seats for non smoker from those for smoker. And then, both non smoker and smoker will be satisfied with the mood of the restaurant and taste dishes good. This experience would make them come back there again. In order to have their customers feel like this, restaurants shouldn't completely ban smoking.


I agree with this statement. Because smoking is the murder as well as the suicide. When one smokes, people around him have greater possibility for cancer and other diseases. Who says it is not the murder? Of course those who do the murder at the restaurants are to be banned. And the penalty for it is very strict. Why smoking is excluded from the murder? In addition to this, smoking is the suicide. The suicide is the murder for oneself. It must be strange to tell the suicide from the murder. These are the same as "right" war. In the world, right war is impossible because it is nothing but violence. The violence can't be right. And smoking can't be right, too. That is, the war is direct violence, on the other hand, smoking is'indirect'violence. But according to the custom, these are acceptable. The murder and the suicide at the restaurants could exist. It must be strange. In addition to this, Japan is democratic country. Democracy can't go with the violence. And Japan can't have any weapons which hurt oneself or others. It is clear that tobacco is a weapon. So we should ban completely smoking at all the restaurants in the country.


Restaurants are the places where we enjoy dishes' pleasant smell, good flavor, conversation with friend and so on. When someone begin smoking in the restaurant, people surrounded him must be hurt their feelings because the smoke makes the dishes' tastes and the atmosphere in the restaurant bad. So the restaurant's customers are not satisfied in dishes. This might be responsible for the restaurant's unpopularity. In terms of health, the effect of passive smoking on human is grater the that of inhaling smoking. In other words, passive smokers are apt to be taken ills including cancer of the lungs. If someone begin smoking in public space, he do damage to people who surrounded him. Namely, smokers who smoke in a crowded space, they reduce the length of other people's life. How guilty it is! Smokers must be considered the place for smoking wherever they are. Recently, there are many restaurants that make smoking sections. But nonsmokers often sit down and eat in the smoking sections if nonsmoking sections' seat is filled. So if smokers want to smoke, they should be outside the restaurant, or the master of the restaurant is ought to provide the smoking area for only smokers. If so, nonsmokers cannot smoke passively.


Tobacco is a kind of drugs. Many people die for smoking every year in Japan. Drugs injure only users. On the other hand tobaccos injure not only users but also people around users. This is passive smoking. Nowadays, there are classified into smoking area and non smoking area in many restaurants. However, in many cases it is not complete. Only a measure that classifies one space in two areas is not enough. This is because tobacco smoke spread and people in the restaurant including babies and women with child breathe smoke regardless of their will. If you made a wall between smoking area and non smoking area, a problem could occur. Of course, customers are not injured by tobacco smoke. However, waiters are injured. Even if the number of people who are injured is small, we should completely ban smoking at all the restaurant in Japan. Some people sometimes insist smoker's right. They say that it is natural that they can smoke everywhere at all time because tobaccos are legal different from drugs. It might be right. However, the human rights of victims of passive smoking are far more important than smoker's rights. We can't ban smoking because it is legal. Therefore we must take action in order to protect ourselves from passive smoking. One of this is that smoking is completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


There are many matter related to smoking. Smoking has a bad influence on conditions of other guests. People with smoker has more risks that they get sick, say, lang cancer, even if they have never smoked. 35~62 thousand people die due to passivity smoking in the world ( asahi newspaper November 24, 1999). Besides tobacco's smoke has bad smell. So other guests will lose our appetites if we take a smell of tobacco. This is big issue at restaurants. Because restaurants are the place that we eat foods. The smell of foods is as important as the taste of those. When we are eating foods, we enjoy the smell of foods. But tobacco's smoke prevent us from enjoying that. Perhaps, there may be those saying that smokers have the right that they can smoke freely at restaurants. But non smokers also have the right that they are smoked passively. If smokers allowed to smoke freely at restaurants, the non smokers' right is ignored. Furthermore, if smoking is banned at restaurants, restaurants don't need to buy smoking stands. Then restaurants can reduce the cost so they can offer better services in lower charge. So smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I have two reasons. One of the reasons is that the smell of a tobacco is very bad smell. The smell of a tobacco often makes the people around a smoking person feel bad. When you want to have a good lunch, if you feel very bad, what do you feel this lunch? If I am this situation, I feel very bad and very angry. I can not eat deliciously this lunch. You will feel it in the same way, too. For example, when you eat the matsutake, how will you think if you smoke in the circumference? The matsutake is food enjoying smell. Maybe you can not enjoy smell. Second reason is that the tobacco gives person harms. It is natural that a smoking person takes harms, but the person around a smoking person will take harm. I think, but it is good to suffer damage themselves by a smoking person, it is not good to suffer from smoking people. Even if it is impossible to give up smoking, a smoking person should go out of a restaurant to smoke. I want to be only a restaurant where we can enjoy eating!


I agree this opinion. I am not a smoker. So I don't like smell of smoking. When I am eating something, if someone near me is smoking, I become unpleasant. And I turn irritated. Finally, I come to be able to eat few dishes and I will not order dishes any more. Other people should have experienced this situation like me. Recently nonsmoker is increasing. So, if the restaurant doesn't ban smoking, many people lose appetite and the number of orders will decrease !! At last, the restaurant will be out of business. And as you know, smoking will harm people's health. Only take the smoke which drift from other's tobacco, there is a possibility of cancer. I don't want to become disease because of other's careless. Surely people who have a habit to smoke may be relaxed by tobacco. When they feel stressed, smoking may release from the nervousness. And there may be many people who look forward to smoke soon after dinner. So they must be hard to put up with smoking at restaurant. But things are changing. The age which people can smoke everywhere and every time is over. So we have to obey social rules. Don't to annoy people around us by smoking. To live comfortably for everyone, only at restaurant, smoker should put up with smoking.


If smoking is completely banned at all restaurants in Japan, I must be very happy. It is because I don't like smokes of cigarettes. At restaurants, I would like to enjoy delicious dishes, but smokes of cigarettes interrupt it. The smokes have very strong smell, so, I can't smell dishes' good flavor. As another reason, most of Japanese know what smoking is very bad for our health. Smokes of cigarettes are consisted by many bad facts, for instance, nicotine, and CO2. Brain and some organs are damaged by these bad facts. And younger people are damaged more badly. Especially for children, smokes of cigarettes are big problem for their body. But they can't escape from it easily. Now, there are many smokers in Japan, and I know it. But I really want smoking to be completely banned at restaurant in Japan. It is must be good for not only non smokers but also heavy smokers. I think that almost of smokers drink alcohol when they eat dishes at restaurants. But I have heard that drinking alcohol and smoking cigarettes is very bad pair. It makes their health bad gravely. I think that this idea should be expanded all over the world, not only in Japan. And I hope that many non smoker and smoker enjoy delicious dishes at restaurants together.


Whenever I go to a restaurant or that kind of place, I need to choose whether I smoke or not. That is to say, there are two types of seats, a seat of smoking and a seat of no smoking, in the restaurant and this is becoming common. However, smoke flows from smoking seat to no smoking seat, so we can't escape from smoke in spite of sitting in the seat of no smoking. According to JT, or Japan Tobacco Inc., about 30 percent of people are smoking in Japan. That is unbelievable for me, but anyway I hate smell of cigarettes. I can't stand that smell, and not a few people are the same I think. Besides smoking is not good for the health, in addition, smoke by cigarette may cause not only smokers themselves, but also people around to be ill health. That's why it is unreasonable to smoke at the restaurant ! Restaurant is the place where we enjoy eating. Flavor of the meal comes to nothing because of smoke ! If smokers would like to have a time of smoking after a meal, they should do it out of the restaurant. Nobody will welcome to have a meal with smelling the smoke. I really want smokers to understand that point and not to give trouble to us. Though it may be severe for smokers, they must not be allowed to smoke in the restaurant, I think.


First of all, saying my opinion about Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, I agree with this idea. I also think smoking should be completely banned at all public places and I want to say to all smokers, If you want to smoke a cigarette, please smoke at your private place! There are two reasons why I say terribly about smoking. First reason, generally, non smokers dislike the smell of the smoke of a cigarette. We, non smokers, don't want to have a smell of the smoke of a cigarette and feel bad at a public place as a restaurant. An ordered dish also tastes bad. Second reason, breathing the smoke floating from a point of a cigarette (called passive smoking) has very bad influence for our body, especially young children. A lot of young children visit a restaurant, so it can also be said that it's crime to smoke a cigarette and let harmful smoke float at such a place. By the above mentioned two reasons, I think smoking should be banned at all restaurants. And I hope that smoking be completely banned at all public places, a campus of the college, a platform, and so on.


I think that smoking should be prohibited at the entire restaurant. There are many smokers in Japan. They are able to smoke at a restaurant for instance. Some restaurants don't separate smoker's tables from nonsmoker's table. When nonsmokers drop into the restaurant, they must choose enduring smoke of cigarette or stopping entering. When they choose enduring smoke of cigarette and smoke spread in the room, they must become bad feelings. At most of restaurants, smoker's tables are separated from nonsmoker's tables because smoking makes not only smoker's health but also nonsmoker's health bad condition. However nonsmokers can not help breathing smoke of cigarette in the restaurant where smoker smoke even if they are separated. Health of smokers gets wrong day by day if they go on smoking. And then breathing smoke of cigarette is worse effect to their health than smoking. In short, both smoking and breathing smoke of cigarette are unhealthy behaviors very much and they one of main causes of cancer of the lungs. Smoke of cigarette also makes their taste bad. Furthermore wallpapers of the restaurant become dirty by smoking and ash of cigarette makes unclean surroundings. Those are the reason I insist that smoking should be prohibited at the entire restaurant.


In the world, the number of smokers tends to decrease. But there are still people who do not try to stop smoking. The world tends to stop smoking now. However I do not knock off smoking. It is a preference. I do not deny these words. A nd I do not worry whether the number of smokers decreases or do not decrease so much. However, I think that it is necess ary to limit the place in which it smokes if it is considere d that the smoke of the cigarette is bad for not only smoker's body but also nonsmoker's body. In addition, I think tha t the smell of the smoke ruins the taste of the dish and the smoking with the table is against the manner. It is the sam e also when we drink. I might say an inelegant thing. But, a s a matter of fact, only a smoking person is good feelings. Moreover, there is a no smoking zone in restaurants. However, some restaurants are too narrow and there is no meaning th at divides the seats according to the restaurant. I want smoking people not to smoke independently when eatin g, and it will not be achieved. So I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


I think that we have to prohibit people smoke in all restaurants in Japan. That is based on two ideas. First of all, a restaurant is the place where we enjoy eating. Tobacco has extremely strong smell. And smell represents more than 50 percents of taste. In addition, smoke spread in the air. So if someone smokes in a restaurant, we might not be able to taste accurately. And if we are not able to taste accurately, we might not enjoy eating. In the next, habit of smoking is harmful for our health. Recently, harm of smoke is noticed for a lot of people. It does not cause only smoker's bad health, but also other's health. A restaurant is public space, so we should not cause trouble. For that reason, public spaces where we can have a smoke are decreasing. Restaurants in Japan should adopt this movement for the public benefit. And a lot of public spaces adopt this movement, smoker find the place where they can smoke difficult. If they are placed that situation long time, they don't smoke gradually. That might cause decrease of smoker. That's why I think that we have to prohibit people smoke in all restaurants in Japan


I insist that smoking has bad points but never has good points. Smoking is harmful for not only smoking people but also people around them. I think smoking should be completely prohibited, specially in restaurants and on street. In restaurant, people eat lunch or dinner. They enjoy the taste and flavor, but smoke makes their feeling not clear. This is why, many exclusive restaurants forbid guests smoking. Nowadays many restaurants in Japan divide seats into smoking seats and non smoking seats. Do you think it is good idea? I don't think it is good idea, because it is unable to completely separate non smoking people from smoker. The smoke enters non smoking seats area and non smoking people breath it. In addition, waiters and waitresses working there can't avoid from the smoke. I work restaurant twice a week. When I work as a waiter, I don't want to go smoker table. I don't smoke, so I hesitate it. So I always worry about my health. For instance, smoke may make my stamina down or make inside my body dirty. Like this, smoking makes non smoking people feel uncomfortable. I think smoking should be banned at restaurant in Japan, even I think smoking should disappear from around the world.


I think that they forbit our smoking in restaurants. I have three reasons. Firstly, smoking is not healthy. It is known that one cigarettes shortens our life seven minutes. A fact that the smoke of cigarettes injure our health is proved scientifically with today's medicine. Smokes don't stay outdoors. But, smoke is filled indoors such as in restaurants. So, it makes people do'nt want to smoke smoke. A number of people don't like smoke of cigarettes. So, in restaurants, a lot of people dislike smoke of cigarettes too. It is hated by many people who don't want to smoke. It is not good fact morally. Secondly, cooks want us to enjoy their cooking with all of our senses. We enjoy cooks with firstly eye, secondly noses, thirdly touch, fourthly tongue, finally ears. If it smelled smoke of cigarettes in restaurants the good smells of cooking is made by cooks is spoiled. Thirdly we should enjoy not cigarette but tasting delicious cooking or funny conversations with friends or family. Their smoking time prevents us from enjoying those pleasure. When we were in restaurants, we had better enjoy the atmosphere in restaurants as much as we can. And so, I think they should not smoke in restaurants


Nowadays, at almost restaurants in Japan, we can choose a smoking seat or a nonsmoking seat. However, I don't prefer this idea. I think smoking should be prohibited in every seat at the restaurant. For one reason, smoking is bad for your health in the first place. It is said that smokers are easy to become lung cancer. If a smoker stops smoking, he may be able to live much longer. For another, smoking does harm not only to smoker, himself, but also to nonsmokers, others. This is called passive smoking, and nonsmokers are forced to breathe in smoke from a cigar somebody else is smoking. At the same time, some people become displeased to see smoking people. It is the place where everyone enjoys eating out with family, lovers, or friends that the restaurant should be. What is more, a large number of children come to the restaurant with their family. If children see smoking people in the restaurant, they may think Smoking is permitted everywhere. This is bad for children educationally. Parents have an obligation to make their children have good manners in the future. For these reasons, I think smoking should be strictly forbidden at all the restaurants in the country. Then, everyone can be happy and enjoy eating a delicious dish at the restaurant.


Cigarettes have bad smell. Because of it, someone who hates it feel bad. In that situation, they can not have meals with joy, happiness and so on. And cigarettes do more harm than good. Their smokes ruin not only smokers' health but also nonsmokers'. Then, what can we do for this problem? Should we ban those who smoke in restaurant? I do not think so. Smoking should not be completely banned. I think that those who smoke and don't smoke have to be separated. They have to be placed different place. They have to have meals in different place. The reason why I have such an opinion is the following. Those who smoke have a right of smoking, in the same way, those who do not smoke have a right to avoid smoking. Their rights are to be protected at the same time. To achieve it, we have to separate them. The managers of restaurants have to make seats for smoker and nonsmoker. This is one of the ways to achieve it. The core of my opinion is their coexisting. Smoking is not forbidden. On the contrary, it is allowed. I just restrict it for their coexisting. I choose not eliminating but coexisting.


I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Nowadays there is the tendency to prohibit people smoking in public places, such as in the transport facilities and in the buildings. Because cigarettes are bad not only for your health but also for other people's health, more and more people gradually hate smoking. First of all, cigarettes have unique smell, so it makes good dish's smell vanished and smokers themselves can't taste foods. In addition, cigarettes smoke badly and even if smokers are sit on the different seats, you will be did harm, since the smoke spreads over the restaurant's room. In that case, if you are not a smoker, you go to the restaurant in order to enjoy having a meal but you can't do so. Secondly, it is natural that there are two kinds of people in the world: smoker and nonsmoker. Restaurant owner have problems about them. For instance, today, when nonsmokers notice that people smoke in the restaurant, some of them consent reluctantly to sit down and eat a meal. But others not only give up entering the restaurant but never go there as well. This is disadvantage for owner. In conclusion, restaurant is the place to enjoy eating and should be comfortable place for customers so as to have more delicious dishes. So you don't need smoking there.


Banning from smoking at all the restaurants in the country is the very nice policy for non smoking people, I think. Smoking in public often makes other people's health bad. Of course, a person who smokes well has very bad health, too. Precisely, why are there many people who smoke well? I have not the answer. I think that smoking has not any good point. However many people like smoking. May be, it is because of taste. For instance, drinking alcohol is with each taste, too. Drinking does not give other people big trouble. So I think it need not be banned from drinking. But, smoking is different from it. Smoking usually gives other people trouble. For instance, they are other people's health, mind, and visual. This is a very big problem. Extremely saying, it can have done not to trouble other people, but it must not have done to trouble other people. This is the only one thing that I want to insist. Today, there are many restaurants which have the role of smoking in Japan. But, I want more. I really want all the restaurants in the country to ban from smoking or have harder role. And people should not smoke not only in public as a restaurant, but also anywhere.


I agree with this statement because I think smoking isn't good for us at all. First of all I don't like smoke of cigarette. If someone sitting near me smokes cigarette in restaurant, I want to change the table where smokes don't come. Smokes of cigarette make me feel my dishes taste worse. There are a lot of people like me in the world. We go to restaurant not to eat bad dinner but delicious dishes. Smokes of cigarette are enemy of a good dinner. Then, smokes of cigarette do harm our body. For instance, smoke of cigarette damage lungs. Heavy smoker is likely to get lung cancer. They also damage our heart, stomach, a blood vessel and so on. Smoking is no less harmful than poison is. Smoking is not only bad for people who smoke but also for nonsmoker around them. The influence on people around smoker is worse than that on smokers. This is a funny story. Moreover, we can't quit a habit of smoking easily. Cigarette makes us feel like smoking more. Even if we decide to stop the habit of smoking, eventually we smoke cigarette again. There are a lot of people who can't stop habit of smoking. Once we smoke, we continue to smoke forever. For those reason, I want to ask all restaurant to ban smoking.


I can't agree this idea. To be sure, smoking may be very troublesome for those who are not smoking. But I think that a little it is an excessive idea. Because this troublesome be solved by advancing dividing the workplace into smoking and non smoking sections. I feel a cigarette no merit, and although I dislike the smell of a cigarette, a motion of the latest society seems to be cold in smokers too much. I have a feeling that smoking is not so bad. Probably, most smokers have the preparedness at the sacrifice of their life by smoking. Some people may not have it. If it is right, what problem is there when they think manners and smoking so that trouble may not be made to us? It is the cause of those who do not consider manners and it is very sad that even smokers who really love smoking receive cold treatment. If only a restaurant is forbidden to it, a smoker may try to finish a meal in other place other than a restaurant. If it becomes so, only the restaurant industry will receive damage and it is also sorry it. I think for smokers more kind policy should be made.


I agree with the opinion that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because there are a lot of nonsmoking people who hate the smoke. I think it is important for Japanese people not to smoke too much. In Europe, people are accepting the trend of nonsmoking in public facilities. Japanese people should be more active to reduce the number of victims of lung cancer that is caused smoking too. In order to make the smoker give up smoking, the government should put more tax on tobacco, and the company which produces tobacco should withdraw from the business of tobacco. If the government put more tax on tobacco, the income will increase and the financial condition of the Japanese government will improve. As for the production of tobacco, in fact, JT, which is the only tobacco producing company in Japan has started withdrawing from the tobacco business. I think that the worldwide tobacco boom has ended. So, the day will soon come when smokers are avoided not only in the restaurant but also in everywhere. If they ban smoking at a restaurant, the number of customers may decrease. But if they ban smoking at all the restaurants, the smokers may give up smoking at restaurant and go to restaurant without smoking.


I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because smoking is bad for the health. Smoking harms not only smoker's health but also another person's health. So the Japanese government is beginning to prohibit smoking. For example, school teachers are prohibited smoking inside an elementary school and a junior high school. When I was a junior high school student, school teachers are prohibited smoking not only inside buildings of school but also inside the others. In America, the state governments imposed a high tax on the cigarettes so that smokers try to give up smoking. As a result, the price of cigarettes rose and was more than 1, 000 yen, but the policy was effective in giving up smoking. Therefore smoking is considered to be bad for the health in a lot of countries and many governments begin to adopt a policy to smoking. There is another reason why I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. In Japan, there are seats in the smoking section and nonsmoking seats in restaurants. But each seat doesn't completely be divided because we can't separate the air in seats in the smoking section from the air in nonsmoking seats. So people who sit a nonsmoking seat breathe in smoke of cigarette. Therefore I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


I agree with the opinion that taking a smoke should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Firstly, taking a smoke is bad for the health and cigarettes harm not only those that usually smoke but also surround people near the smokers. Such people are more likely to suffer from many kinds of disease than those that are never smoking. Statistics show that smokers are likely to die of cancer. Secondary, those that have ever smoked tend to depend on taking a smoke. These people are not able to stop smoking if they want to stop taking a smoke. This sort of people is also highly likely to be tormented by many sorts of illness and die of various kinds of sickness. Thirdly, it costs smokers much money to take a smoke. Moreover cigarettes are very expensive. However cigarettes are a kind of dependence producing drug, so smokers can not help buying them because they could not live one moment without taking a smoke. Finally, when someone takes a smoke, those that are having something to eat are likely to hurt their feelings. For this reason, I would say that smoking must be banned at all the restaurants in the country.


I agree with this opinion. One of the reasons for this is that the smoke do harm to person's body, and what is worse, persons who are damaged by this smoke's influence are not persons who are smoking but those who are near the smoking person. In especially restaurants are closed spaces, where it is impossible not to breathe this smoke. Another reason, if there are smoking persons near us when we eat, this smoke would make meal tasteless. Not only persons who feel this smoke unpleasant, but also those who like smoking feel meal tasteless. This is because I heard a person who stopped smoking say that after stopping smoking, he feels meal delicious and he enjoys eating. This is why, in restaurants, in order that everyone enjoys and concentrates on eating, smoking at all the restaurants should be prohibited by the law. If smoking at the restaurants were banned by the law, someone who was once discomforted by smoking would not have to worry about smoking in restaurant and would not have to ask smoking person for stops smoking. And what is the most important merit for this is that when we eat, we definitely don't mistake the ashtray for the dish. Therefore I think that smoking should be completely prohibited at the restaurants in Japan.


I think that all restaurants should forbid their guest to smoke, for smoking makes non smokers annoyed. Furthermore, it influences badly people around smokers (especially children, elderly people, mothers who give their children milk, and so on). For instance, it causes cancer. A report shows that people whose husband or wife smokes have several times more opportunities that they have cancer than those who is not so. Smoking also causes other diseases. To make it worse, sub smoke that non smokers have is more dangerous than main smoke that smokers have. Smoke that comes from cigarettes makes bad smell when smoke is put on clothes. And it is difficult to remove it. The smell is as strong as there are many cleansers that specialized in cigarette's smell. Some people hate this smell. It is one reason why smokers are hated. Now, many restaurants divide smoking area and non smoking area. For instance, in one Moss hamburger shop, smoking area is divided from non smoking area with a door. So smoke cannot enter non smoking area. But there are some troubles. Closing completely means that smokers have not only main smoke but also sub smoke. It is very dangerous!. Thus, smoking in restaurants has many troubles, so I am for that restaurants prohibit it.


I agree with the statement that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. First, smoking occur health damage to not only people who want to smoke but also people who never want to smoke in life. To prevent the thing, guests are separated in the restaurant. But it is not also perfect. For instance, don't you feel smoky at the separated area from smokers in the restaurant? Moreover, it is certain that we pass the smoking area for some inevitable reasons. For instance, toilet is near the smoke area. These are just evidences that preventing health damage is not perfect. Second, smoking may lose the quality of dishes. This is because smoking make our tongue numbed temporary, we lose our taste. This is why I won't be able to taste food's real taste. This is bad not for only smoker but also chef. Because smoking also lose appetite so smoker cant' enjoy dishes fully, but almost all chef want guest to delight eat chef's cook. If we smoke, these things don't be filled. Because of two things that I wrote, I agree with the statement that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


These days I read a newspaper that says the numbers of people who smoke are decreasing. One reason for this is that the price of cigarette is rising. Second reason is more and more people understood the danger of smoking. We can say today you are hard to smoke. I think that you should not smoke in public place. There are three reasons for this. First, smoking makes you unhealthy. After all, smoker gets cancer more easily than non smoker. It is not too much to say that cigarette may kill you. Second, smoking makes not only you but also other people bad health. This is what we call passive smoking. There are a lot of people in restaurant. If you smoke in restaurant, other people feel uncomfortable. If other man often smokes near me in restaurant, I feel angry and unpleasant. So, I agree with the idea that all restaurants forbid to smoke. Third, cigarette smoke pollutes the environment. Cigarette smoke includes plenty of bad things. They must pollute the environment. Some countries already begin to forbid to smoking in restaurant. I think we should learn the attitude. Cigarettes have no profit. We should recognize it and build peaceful life.


I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants not only in Japan but also all over the world. And in the first place I believe that tobacco do not have to be made anywhere because tobacco contain a large number of poison only. Basically those who hate anyone's smoking nearby are everywhere. Personally I dislike smoking, too. We can decrease People are made feel unpleasant by smoking. This can make by smokers' enduring smoking. Smokers can endure smoking, but those don't smoke can't get smokers not to smoke. So we need smokers' will that smokers don't cause any trouble, if smokers want smoking not to be banned at restaurant or other public space. Tobacco's smokes have a bunch of poison. And that someone smoke is the fact there are many passive smoker. This seems that smoker spread some poison. If one murders the other by poison, he must be punished. However at least there are people who caused illness or killed by passive smoking. Therefore I suppose that smokers have to be punished. So of course smoking in any restaurant must be banned. So I agree that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country.


Now that in Japan everywhere we go, we can hardly find a place where people can smoke. And if we enter a restaurant, we often see a situation that a lot of people wait for nonsmoking seats in spite of smoking seats are vacant. I think the situation indicates That a large number of people dislike cigarette smoke and it's bad smell. It is unendurable for them who don't like cigarette to have a food in smoke and smell. Now everyone knows smoking have harmful effects for our body, lung and heart and brain and so on. If you smoke a cigarette, you become a bad condition and you can't become a healthy condition. Those effects affect not only smoker but also nonsmoker. And if you smoke while you are still young, you may be able to give up smoke. No one welcome to suffer from illness or die of illness for smoking. Smoking is no good and only do harm. Accordingly the entire restaurant in Japan doesn't have to prepare smoking seats for smoker and nonsmoker. And because of people can't smoke in restaurant, smoker may give up smoking little by little. I think all restaurants in Japan should ban smoking entirely.


Smoking should not be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, because some people dislike smoke, other people feel irritate without smoking. Smoke have a bad effect on people, especially pregnant women, patients and so on. Non smokers are reluctant to have a dinner near to smokers. In fact, I dislike smoke very much, and I stop breathing, when I am near to smoker. On the other hand, cigarette is a necessity for smokers. If they do not smoke for a long time, they will feel irritate, and they may become in a bad temper. They may not have a delicious meal due to not smoking. The owner of the restaurants should separate smoking area from non smoking area. The separation is distinct, for instance smoking area and non smoking area is separated by wall and door. So, the smell of cigarette do not reach non smokers and they need not worry to secondhand smoking. So, whether people smoke or not, they can comfortably have a dish and have a good time at restaurants. Thus smoking should not be completely banned at all the restaurants but be allowed only at smoking space. Non smoker should also admit the space.


I think that smoking should not be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. It is fact that many people don't like smoke of tobacco and don't want to be by the smoker. So, smoke of tobacco causes heavy damage not only to the smoker but also to people in surroundings. Nicotine and tar are very poisonous. People don't need not to smoke. But smoking should not be completely banned at all the restaurants, because all the restaurants become unpleasant places for the smoker. People fill the desire of some level by eating. In such a meaning, all the restaurants are not only a place to eat. However, if smoking is banned at all the restaurants, the smoker is uncomfortable and dissatisfied. It is the best that no one smokes, but since tobacco exists in this world, it is impossible. The opinion of people who doesn't smoke should be insisted, but the opinion of the smoker should be insisted, too. So that all the people who use a restaurant are comfortable, if smoking room and not smoking room are separated, there is no problem. So, I think that smoking should not be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


Tabacco contains so many sorts of poison. For instance, nikotin is most famous poison of them. So Smoking is not good for man's health. If smoking gives only smokers bad effects, people should be allowed to smoke at the public situation, for example restaurants, offices, schools and even trains. But actually, it harms not only smoking people but also many other non smoking people around them. In other word, many people who do not smoke may be suffered from a lot of smoke's bad effects. It is so terrible story that non smoking man is died of cancer because he had been with heavy smokers. In particularly, at the public space such as restaurants, there are many kinds of people, not to say, there are babies, young children and older. They are so to speak people who are likely to be affected by the situation around them. It never happen that younger people who have many wonderful futures are made to abandon them due to smoking bad effects. Thus, it is not too much to say that smoking at the public space is equal to murder. Those who hope to smoke should go other place, where non smoking people are not to be found, and they will smoke calmly without being said complaints.


Restaurants in where all people enjoy dishes are not private place but public place. It is various people in there; adults and children, family and couple, gentle men and women, noisy men and women, smoker and non smoker, for instance. So if you have lunch in restaurant, you should think feelings of around people in there. If you are smoker, it is most important that think thinking of non smoker. In fact, I think smoke of cigarettes harm taste of foods. And smoke of cigarettes harms growth of children in restaurant. People who want to smoke should smoke out of room after mealtime. Then smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. For example, McDonald's near my home prohibits smoking in store because McDonald's think that smoke is obstacle for good taste of hamburger. It is very good idea! And it is truth for smoker that smoke harms dishes. So in now, some restaurants have sheets for smoker, but all restaurants should abolish the sheet, if they want all people to enjoy good dishes. Finally I want all restaurants to prohibit smoking in it and all people agree this thinking and enjoy food and conversation peaceful, cheerful in it.


I agree to the idea that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I have four reasons for this idea. First, today, researchers make great advances in smoking. According to their researches, smoking is very bad for human beings' health. For example, smoking increases a person's risk of serious diseases: heart attack, cardiovascular diseases, lung cancer and more. So, smoking is harmful for people. Second reason is a matter of passive smoking. If a person smoke in restaurants, people around him do secondhand smoking. Serious disease risks of people exposed to passive smoking are higher than people who smoke. Third, there are people who simply do not like smell of tobacco. If you smoke in the restaurant, the smell of smoke is going to spoil the taste of the foods served at the restaurant. So, if you want to smoke, you should be smoke outside the restaurant. Forth, lighted cigarettes are dangerous. If children accidentally touch it, they burn their finger with it. In addition, cigarettes may be one of causes of fire. So, smoker should be care of cigarettes. In summarizing, smoking is worse than useless for people. So, I think that smoking should be banned at all the reataurants.


Today, smoking is banned at most places. This is the reason why people became regard smoking as harmful and annoyance recently. Certainly, smoke of smoking do harm to your and other's body, and heating cigarettes cause by fire and burn, and some people throw their cigarettes on the road, river and so on. Most people hope not to smoke exclude in specific spaces. To buy cigarettes and smoking is to buy and throw about poison and to burn your money by yourself. If you smoke, your family and your friend must not feel comfortable. Similarly, people hate smoke and odor. Especially, in the restaurants, cleanness is lost and people cannot enjoy a dinner by your smoking. Nobody want to eat a dinner in place where is smoky and bad smelling. Looks and smells of dishes are important to enjoy dinner. In the restaurants, you can enjoy not only eating but also talking with your family, friends and colleagues. The smell is not spices or sources but nicotine and the smoke make you cough and your eyes are sore and eventually you cannot concentrate on your eating and talking. Thus, you cannot have a nice time in the restaurants. Above all, smoking when you eat is bad manners. Smoking must be banned in places not only of eating but also where smoking makes a lot of people annoying.


Today, many people smoke in Japan. The main health risk in smoking relate to disease such as heart attack, lung cancer and asthma. Mostly, Tobacco smoke is thought productive of these diseases. Some of smokers smoke in public place, such as bars, restaurants, stations, bas stops, and etc. Tobacco smoke gives any bad influence for not only smoker but also non smoker. Tobacco smoke gives us any bad influence. These days, several countries have legislated against smoking in public places, often including bars and restaurants. In the United States, many states prohibit smoking in restaurants, and some also prohibit smoking in bars. If many public places have a smoking place, non smoker avoid getting any bad influence. However we could not avoid entirely getting any bad effects and not get any bad effects. If we want to maintain health condition, we should ban at all the public place. Especially, in restaurants, smoking should be completely banned at all in Japan because restaurant is indoor place. Even if there are smoking place in restaurants, smoke spread over any place. Even if we make smoking place for non smoker, smoker smoke and they get any bad influence. So, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


You should not smoke at restaurants in Japan. Because smoking is not match with restaurants. First how places are restaurants? They are the spaces where people enjoy meal, without disturbance from others; however you also should not disturb others. You can talk with your friends, use cellular phone and do your homework, but you must not make a loud voice or sound there. Next what does smoking cause? Of course, cigarettes make smoke. It makes people feel unpleasant in many ways. Its smell is very bad; besides, it includes harmful matter for human body. A lot of people know the fact and almost all of them dislike the harmful smoke. Some feel unpleasant though they only see the smoke. That is to say, smoke from cigarettes can bother people. From the above, it is natural you should not confuse the two factors, restaurant as place and smoking. Nowadays, many restaurants have provided both smoking area and no smoking area. They have believed that customers were not disturbed by any smokers because they kept distance each other. But the fact the two factors have been confused in the same space is not good. That idea is wrong. So, all the restaurants in the country should completely ban smoking.


There are many people smoking at a restaurant in Japan. I think that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in Japan. There are two reasons I think it. First, smoking give not only mans who smoke but also who don't smoke unhealthy effects. It is called passive smoking. Especially children and expectant women are given very bad influences by smoking and passive smoking. At a restaurant even if there are smoking lounges, people who don't want to smoke may breathe smoke from cigarettes. They will feel so bad and may lose their appetites then. But if people who smoke heard these talks, there would not be a lot of people who decide to stop smoking at a restaurant at once. So I think that smoking should be completely at all restaurants in Japan to protect people who don't want to smoke. Second, to make smoking lounge needs large place to divide between smoking lounges and nonsmoking seats. In there are many restaurants which can't prepare large enough to make them. Owners who manage those restaurants have to build smoking lounges near nonsmoking seats. It is more and more possible that people who don't like cigarettes breathe smoke from them by passive smoking. So government in Japan should make laws which ban smoking at all restaurants.


It is said that tobacco is a poison, harmful for our healthy, and it is caused of cancer and other severe disease. Many people die from smoking around the world each year. And recently, it is often said that secondhand smoke is more dangerous, especially for children. In the small room like restaurant, there is a lot of danger of secondhand smoke. Some restaurants in Japan, there are divided two types of seats, smoking seat and no smoking seat. But sometimes the two seats are closed. So if someone smokes in the restaurant, there is also a danger of secondhand smoke even if we seat no smoking seat. Therefore, to remove the danger of it, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. And it may enable to decreases the number of smoker. Many countries, especially America and Europe, make many laws and regulations to restrain from smoking. And there are often banned from smoking at all the restaurants. But some Japanese people don't consider the danger seriously. They think that smoking is not so harmful for us. For that reason, Japanese laws and regulations about smoking are less and easier than that of other developed countries. But it should be more strictly in Japan. Smoking is harmful, not any good.


I am opposed to forbidding smoking at all the restaurants. Incidentally, I am not smoking. As one of the reasons, for a smoker smoking tobacco is relaxed one. Restaurants aim at thing that all the visitors have a meal with a pleasant and sufficient feeling. Nevertheless, for a smoker prohibition of smoking is only pain. Actually, you see the scene smokers enter after smoking tobacco before going into the place where a smoker cannot smoke. Prohibition of smoking is pain for a smoker so much. Then, it is putting the cart before the horse. I do not regard making anything prohibition as a clever way. Therefore, smoking is not given up in all area in a restaurant. Those who do not smoke dislike the influence by the smoke of tobacco. Therefore, what is necessary is just to separate the place where smoker can be smoking and the place where they cannot be so more than now, for instance, the smoking car of a train etc. After all if it think actually, in Japan the consciousness to the health impairment caused by tobacco is low. And take various problems into consideration, it is impossible to ban smoking at all the restaurants. Even though it can do, I will oppose it.


Recently, smoking has been banned at many places such as planes, buses, trains and so on. That is because smoking troubles many people. Tobacco has many toxic chemicals. Smokers sometimes suffer from serious diseases, such as lung cancer. Besides, smoking does harm not only to smokers but also to non smokers. Non smokers can breathe smoke and fall sick if they are near smokers. It is called passive smoking. Some non smokers will know this and hate tobacco. Especially, in the restaurant, many people will enjoy eating and talking with friends or families. If some people smoke, the restaurant is filled with smoke and people feel unpleasant. Then, they can no longer enjoy talking and taste dishes. It is very unhappy. Restaurant is the place where many people relax and enjoy dining. Customers go to restaurant for the purpose of it. They should not be offended by smoking. Smoking should be strictly banned at the restaurant. However, some non smokers may argue that they cannot enjoy eating in the restaurant if smoking is banned there. But restaurant is the special places. Smokers can smoke in private places, such as their home but customers can enjoy eating better than usual only at the restaurant. Non smokers should be respected.


Today, a lot of restaurants ban smoking at all tables in Japan. It is very good tendency. Smokes spoil chef's good dishes. Smell of smoke robs appetite of people. In addition to this, smokes make peoples' body illness gradually. Because smokes in top of tobacco are worse than these in end of tobacco, whether a smoker is careful of others or not, he or she never smokes without bothering others. We should not smoke. If that tendency expands to all places, a lot of people will quit smoking. Also population of lung cancer is increasing. This disease is caused by custom of smoking. The more people quit smoking, the fewer death rates are. People who are not over 20 years old are banned smoking. But some of them have habit of smoking. This is due to adults. Adults should watch them not to get tobacco. In order not to get tobacco, its vending machine should be banned soon, and price of it should be high. If government started these two plans, we could reduce population of smokers. I hope that all over the world ban tobacco' vending machine and smoking in all places. I want to see world that no one smoke some day.


Recently, smoking has been banned in public places. This trend is spreading the entire world. For instance, in Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Norway, Finland, Singapore and the EU smoking is prohibited in public place and fine for smoking is very much. Yet in Japan there are a few places where smoking is banned. And fine is small. So compared with the law of smoking in developed countries that of Japanese is so slack that the government in Japan has to enforce the strict rule. Public places should be comfortable and relaxing for everyone. But smoking is a very bad smell for some people who don't smoke. Restaurant is public place and all of people have to be able to relaxing there. So smoking should be banned at all the restaurants. And the cigarette smoke make dishes awful. Some restaurants have divided the spaces into two areas, smoking area and nonsmoking areas. Yet this system is not enough to completely provide smoke from streaming into nonsmoking area. Besides lately, plenty of hotels have decided to forbid smoking there. After this, most of place, of course streets, smoking are banned. People have better smoke in smoking room not to hurt people's feeling.


There are many arguments for and against smoking in restaurants But smoking shouldn't be permitted in restaurants. A restaurant is a place everyone eats dish comfortably. So the manager must offer everybody pleasant surroundings. If a person smokes, another person near him will mind it and not eat deliciously. Some persons may be unwilling to see a smoking people. If the family eats dishes, the child is exposed to smoke. In the parents' position it is the worst situation. If he wants to smoke, he has to go and smoke another place. There is the way nonsmoking seats are set too. But it is an only flattering unction. Before all things smoke is bad for our health. Smoking increases possibilities of pneumonia and cancer. The diseases may lead them to death. Smoking effects on not only a smoking person but also another person near him. It is even said a passive smoking person is worse for the health than a smoking person. In addition, if a customer smells smoke in a restaurant, the restaurant does its reputation no good. The customer never come to the restaurant. Restaurants must provide everyone with the place customers eat dishes comfortably. So smoking must be prohibited in the restaurant.


Nowadays, it becomes more and more difficult to smoke. In some place you can't buy it without permission of machine which is lately introduced and discern individuals by their faces in order to prevent young people from buying it. In the other place you can't smoke while you are walking. You should pay 1000 yen fine if you are witnessed by them. They earn 60000 yen in three weeks. Some people even say raise the price itself to 1000. So why not, restaurants also should make smoker at unease. In Japan we rarely warn smoker. This is famous phrase "too much smoking have possibility to do you harm" Is this advice or something? In Japan this is the very warning. Cigarette do them harm and are useless. Of course restaurants don't have to care health of their customers. If they hesitate to serve food to overweight person, they can't go around. But don't you want to go such restaurants? in the case of cigarette, it is worth doing. Practically, some restaurant don't make seat for smokers. But only family restaurants which have a big chain can afford to do that. It is no longer matter of health or manner. It is the opponent to extinguish.


In my opinion, smoking should be completely banned at the restaurant in Japan. The reason why I think so is that smoking is bad for health and if someone smokes not only themselves but also surrounding cause damage. If someone smokes near our place, we damage more than the person who smoke. Furthermore, there are a lot of children in restaurant. If the children breathe the smoke, the suffering is not only harmful for health, but also crimping the growth of them. We must protect them from the threat of smoking. According to the statistics, the person who is smoking is much more likely to have cancer of the lung than the person who is not smoking. Thus, smoking has no advantage and a lot of disadvantage. But in Japan, there are a lot of places which allow people to smoke. It is hard for the person who is not smoking. We must decrease the number of those places. So we should prohibit smoking at the restaurant as one part of decreasing the number of smoking place. It is hard to prohibit smoking all the places but we can gradually decrease such the place. In this way, to prohibit smoking at the restaurant protects the person who is not smoking from the threat of smoking.


I agree with the idea. Nowadays there are less and less people who smoke than there used to be. It is because a lot of people realize that smoking is very harm to our health. For example, if pregnancy women smoke, babies in their womb cannot breathe a few seconds and it is said that people who smoke constantly more likely to get cancer of lungs than people who never smoke. However, if a person smokes at public space such as restaurant, many people who are in there have to smoke passively or escape from there not to smoke passively. The worse thing is that passive smoking is more harmful than active smoking. Although some people say that smoker's rights should be protected, protecting rights of people who don't want to smoke is much more important. In addition, smoking is one of a luxury like drinking but smoking people must have a lot of risks, for instance cigaretto is very expensive due to special tax and very harmful, but they don't have any profits different from drinking Some Japanese people, especially young boys, think that smoking men are so cool under the influences of that a lot of Japanese men smoke at public area, but cigarette is a kind of drags. We must reject smoking area from public space like restaurant to prevent young people from starting smoke.


In Japan, passive smoking, which often endangers non smokers' health, is taken as one of the most serious problem. Therefore, many places have become non smoking areas and still they are increasing. Indeed, we cannot regard it as a good practice. But smoking is not illegal for adults. So completely banning from smoking in all the restaurants is too strict. Moreover it can be one of the discriminative rules such as apartheid. Since we can smoke legally as long as we have lived more than twenty years, there should be both smoking areas and non smoking areas in every building as there are both men's rooms and women's room. But on one hand we have the right of smoking, on the other hand we have no right of hurting others. That means that smokers must be careful not to harm others. While smokers must care not to injure others' health with the smoke they blew in restaurants, of course, there are limits of their efforts. To support them and make smoking customers and non smoking ones comfortable together, restaurants need to do some solutions, perfectly separating both areas with walls for instance, instead of refusing smokers entering. For people's happiness on each side, we should not quarrel with each side but seek the way to go with.


I agree with this statement. I have some reasons for my opinion. First, restaurant is a relax space for many people including me and those people may hate smoking. In fact, as far as I know, almost all of my friends feel unpleasantness, when other person smokes around them. As a result of this, there are nonsmoking seats in many restaurants. And people who don't smoke often take nonsmoking seats. Therefore, the cigarette smoke will start going from the restaurant of the hated person in which it can smoke to the restaurant that has stopped smoking even a little. Second, it is too bad for everyone to smoke. If you smoke over and over, you would have illnesses such as lung cancer. In addition, it gives badly and smoking affects other people negatively. Other people breathe in secondhand smoke, and receive a more awful adverse effect from the person in question who is smoking the cigarette. This will not be a problem of the smoker himself alone. Smoking the cigarette as understood from these damages not only I but even also other people. It is likely to become the customer's saving a little by stopping smoking in the restaurant digging into one's purse of smoking the cigarette moreover. Anyway, it should make it to no smoking of smoking because it is not good.


This year, Japan government has started the Taspo which is a card system to be intended to prevent under 20s from purchasing any cigarettes by vending machines. In most of the indoor places, except for the small smoking space, it is made all placs no smoking. There are many railroad companies which make the inside of the station concourse no smoking all day. Recently, it is that expanding people regard smoking as perfect evildoing. In this current, it is natural that smoking is prohibited at all the restaurants. It is to be well known and the smoking person begins the disease of the breathing system in several times compared with the person who doesn't. Also, if they are near the habitually smoking person, their risk to become a lung cancer with the passive smoking has become high. The persons who are too young to be permitted to smoke come to the restaurant. When trying to eat in together the persons who want to smoke and the persons who don't want to even if it divides smoking area and no smoking area, they might quarrel with eating in which area. The space where it is possible to smoke should not exist in the restaurants.


Nowadays the movement which decrease the number of smoker is being done. For instance a lot of restaurants forbid smoking completely. Exactly in many case smokers are disliked. I don't have friends who smoke, but if my friends smoke in restaurant, I am very abhor. I dislike the smell of tobacco, especially the smell which stains the clothes. When I went to family restaurant with my friends before, a customer who sat the next table smoked all the time. We usually sit a nonsmoking seat, but at that time there were no seat except a seat in the smoking section. So we were no choice but sitting a seat in the smoking section. The people who want to sit the nonsmoking seat always wait their turn, because the number of nonsmoking seat is as same as that of the seat in the smoking section. If the number of the seat in the smoking section decrease or vanish, waiting time would be lessen. The customer who wants to smoke may get angry, but such people should put up with smoking when they are eating dinner. But if the restaurant which have only the seat in the smoking section, or smoking restaurant is built, a lot of smokers would come and become popular.


Nowadays, every restaurant has smoking seats and nonsmoking seats in Japan. However, even when we sit on a nonsmoking seat, there is often the smell of tobacco from smoking seats. The smell makes people who dislike tobacco feel bad and they lost appetites. It seems that the freedom of smoking of a smoker should be accepted to some extent. However, restaurants are not where people enjoy smoking, but where people enjoy eating delicious dishes. Restaurants should be kept as the place where all people can enjoy dishes. Therefore smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants. Smoking doesn't only make people feel bad with its smell, but also has a bad influence on others' health. They say that the smoke that a nonsmoker near a smoker absorbs has more harmful substances than that the smoker absorbs. Passive smoking is very bad for our body. Therefore, when you think about smoking, you will notice that where smoking is banned is increasing in Japan. For instance, we cannot smoke in trains, movie theaters or class rooms in the university. Therefore it is natural that smoking is banned at restaurants. Smoking is worse than useless. In Japan, these days, it is also difficult to buy tobacco because the price is becoming higher and higher, and the system of Taspo has been enforced. I hope that the number of smokers decrease with such reasons. When restaurants become the place where smoking is banned, it will help decreasing the number further more.


Recently, the situation of smoking have being changed everywhere in Japan. For instance some places have rules that prohibit walking people from smoking. Thus, it is important for us to increase or decrease situations of smoking. Generally, in Japan, people are banned to smoke in public places. Then, we need to consider about not public places, for instance restaurant. I don't agree with the opinion that forgives people to smoke in restaurant. First, there are many family and many children in restaurants. It is more dangerous for them to breath passive smoke than general smokers. Second, seats decrease. It is likely filled up on Saturday and Sunday, so we should remove smoking seats. Third, I don't like cigarette at all. A smell of cigarette is too bad for me, and the smoke is very harmful, so I dislike it. Most important thing I say is that smoking is very harmful for smokers and those around of the smoker. Smoking leads to lung cancer mainly and other disease. Lung cancer may leads to death, so smoking leads to death. Smoking has a harmful influence all people, so it must abolished in restaurant and other places not only public places. I do hope non cigarette society soon.


Nowadays, in Japan, smoking has come to be controlled gradually. For instance, a less than 20 years old young people cannot buy a cigarette with vending machine without 'TASPO'. In addition, smoking has come to be banned at some places. Those are only because smoking makes your health worth. So it is also natural that smoking is completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. For other reason, a restaurant is a place where enjoys cooking and is not the place where enjoys smoking. The main purpose of go to a restaurant is eating a delicious dish. However, not only you but also one of the surroundings will surely think that the taste of the dish is unsavory if you were smoking when you go to a restaurant. These days, in some restaurants, a smoking seat and a nonsmoking seat are separated. However a person who do not smoking may be guided in a smoking seat if the restaurant was crowded. If it becomes so, the person will become a very unpleasant feeling. If smoking is completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, everyone could enjoy a meal. Those who want to surely smoke should just smoke outside a store after having a meal.


I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I have two reasons to the opinion. First, smoking in the public space is too danger. Because, a cigarette brings us bad effect. My boyfriend has a asthma. When he absorbs much cigarette smoke, he can has a spasm. In the worst case, he can die. I think that you should know a existence of such a person. Smoking is a very danger for such a person. To be sure, some people want to smoke after dinner. But, it is a matter of life and death for other people. I want some people who want to smoke after dinner to go to a smoking space or go out and smoke. And, a cigarette injures all of us. It's not so good to the public. Second, it has bad smell. My mother is smoker. But she always says when we go to a restaurant, Our dishes become a bad taste because of a smoking smell. Even smoker don't like a smoking smell! Of cause, I also dislike the smell. Restaurant is a eating space. Not smoking space. That's way I consider that smoking at the restaurants is bad. And, it should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


There are many arguments for and against about smoking. I think it is good idea that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, because smoking has no effective and good points. I know a lot of smokers may smoke to distract them mind from them worries and get rid of them stress in them dairy life. Smokers feel good when they are smoking, but it is temporary pleasure. Smoking is incriminated as the major cause of lung cancer. Heavy smoker will suffer terrible pain from smoking. Not only smokers, but also passive smokers will suffer any problems. It's too bad. Then, I have a suggestion. To do exercise, hobbies are better way to escape from them stress. They should go out side and run or fun to sport, not go smoking room. We can escape our stress in another way. It will be difficult to carry out this plan. But, smoker should be more sensitive to non smoker at every space. To be in good health and not to feel uncomfortable in fun lunch time, I think we should ban smoking at all the restaurants in the country and all over the world. Let's enjoy eating and talking in the restaurant!


I don't agree to this opinion. Smoking is harmful for people near smokers. Because, smoking causes sickness, for example, cancer etc. But, when we separate smoking place from other place, this problem is solved. So, I think it is not necessary that smoking is completely banned at all the restaurants. Recently, smoking place and not smoking place are shared. Now, sharing is done in many places. For example, stations, schools, restaurants, and office. Sharing has also been done in Kobe University. I think this activity is very nice. Furthermore, sharing is also done on pavements. In Kobe city's case, smoking is banned on pavement in Sannomiya and Motomachi. I think two reasons are. First, people walk on pavement in Sannomiya and Motomachi. If we smoke there, around people have trouble. In particular, people who don't like smoking get big inpatient. Second, cigarette butts make city very dirty. Kobe is a very beautiful city. This regulation is very nice to keep Kobe beautiful. In fact, Kobe is kept more beautiful than other cities. But I don't smoke, when I smoke, I want not to give other people troubles. And I want to tell smokers that many people who don't like smoking are


I am opposite to the complete prohibition of smoking at a restaurant. Recently, I think that the second hand smoke hardly influences it of most because it has delimited the smoking seat and the no smoking zone at a restaurant. It is right to spend certain in a surrounding guest from the restaurant to the guest the smoker though it is thought that it troubles because it takes in the second hand smoke and the smell, etc. comfortable in the store the reason to prohibit inside of a store smoking the restaurant otherwise, the restaurant side will select the guest. However, if it is usual "Restaurant" at any rate in case of the tavern, I think that it should refrain from smoking a little. It is necessary to refrain from smoking that exerts a lot of guests of the child taking are in the restaurant, and a bad influence for such a child in no small way as adult manners. Limiting or prohibiting smoking with the restaurant in such a meaning might have the meaning. I think that thinking about the balance of the person who wants to spend restaurant meals comfortably and the person who should defend from the second hand smoke by smoking is important.


I don't agree with the statement that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurant in Japan. I think it shouldn't ban completely smoking in restaurant in Japan. Smoking is not banned in Japan. People have a right to smoke. I have a friend who smokes. He sometimes looks very hard when he need to smoke. It means smokers have a time when they must need to smoke. So sometimes smokers have a time when they must smoke in a restaurant. So we can't ban to smoke. But I always think it is too bad if there is a person who smokes next chaire. When we eat, smell of tobacco brake the mood and make foods bad. So we should separate the space where who smoke use and who don't smoke use, I think. It is easy thought and very good for each other who smoke and who don't smoke. And I, don't smoke, think it is very serious problem whether can smoke in the restaurant or cannot smoke in the restaurant for smoker. So we shouldn't ban to smoke in the restaurant. We should separate the space where who smoke use and who don't smoke use I think.


I agree with this opinion that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I have three reasons. The first reason is passive smoking. The space of restaurants is very close. So if someone smokes in the space, the smoke spreads very rapidly. The smoke is very harm to not only smoking people but also non smoking people. Therefore, the human who has trouble in the lung are not glad to go to restaurant. But, if this rule applies to Japan, everyone can be entertained in all the restaurants. The second reason is that bad smell remains around objects. If someone smokes on the seat for a long time, the seat has bad smells. So these objects spoil for a very short time. The third reason is that Japan fall behind from the view that non smoking rules. The foreign countries that are similar to Japan in power are non  smoking in public space, because the world health organization issued the non smoking in the public space. So many countries are not permitted to smoke in restaurant. I think Japan should become non smoking country, otherwise the impression of smoke in Japan become worse in the future. It is true that this rule is hard to accept for smoking people, but we have the effort to improve the national health.


I think that it is natural to prohibit from smoking in public places  restaurants, station and so on. To be honest, it is because I dislike others to smoke in the room. One reason, I hate a nasty smell of smoking. Even if only I have the bad smell of smoking, I am tired of it. The smoke does health harm by toxic chemicals in tobacco. Another reason, I think that some people are bad mannered when they smoke. They seem to be careless about whether their smoke is bothered other people. I think that they have to be more careful for others around them, and moreover that they should keep off smoking the least at meals. It spoils delicious foods! Besides I think that they are bad mannered outdoors, for example, at the station and on the street. On the street they often seem to throw away cigarette butt. Although from the beginning it is banned to walk with smoking, some people smoke, and throw it away. Thus smoking annoys other people, and there is no end to be bad mannered. So I think that they must look back their smoking manner before they complain about No smoking.


I agree this opinion. This is because, at first, smoking isn't good for our health. As we know well, smoking people can catch cancer of lung. Cancer is the most in the cause of death by disease. So, I think it's better not to smoke. Secondary, like restaurant, smoking is annoying to me. Especially, the smog of cigarette "enter" my body, and it damages my health. For example, in my case, only being in the smoking section, the frequency of my coughing becomes pretty high!! And in bad case, I come to have a headache, so I can't sleep well at night. (and very sleepy at school) In other words, including some same matters first reason, smoking damages not only people who are smoking, but also people who are around cigarettes, that is, none smoking people like me. So in the place which the window is closed, like restaurant, is easy to damage our body and health. Recently, what is called "walking cigarette" is taken in the news program. It also hurts the health of children. So, I am for the opinion. And, I want people who smoke, to pay attention to others around them.


I agree with the statement that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants. Of course, I know that there are many people who smoke every day. However, I think it does not need that people smoke at restaurant. I will show you my opinions. I do not smoke because I do not like the smell of cigarette. When I go for a meal with friends who smoke, I cannot smell and taste meals. I cannot stand the smell of cigarette. I want to eat delicious meals without the smell of cigarette. I do not smoke, so I cannot understand why people smoke at the table. However, it does not mean that smoking should be completely banned at all space in the world. I do not smoke, but I admit that there are people who smoke. However I think there are many people who do not like the smell of cigarette. So, when they go to restaurants, I think they smoke outside the restaurants. You may say that there are smoking seats and nonsmoking seats at many restaurants. However, both seats do not completely be separated. So, sometimes cigarette smoke flows to nonsmoking seats. Even though smoking seats and nonsmoking seats are separated at some restaurants, I think people who smoke should smell and taste meals without the smell of cigarette. I think it is bad manners to smoke at the table. Because, cooks want to make people happy by his cooking, they cook hard. We should appreciate his cooking. I have heard that people who had smoked get fat as soon as they stopped smoking. It is because they can smell and taste meals more without the cigarette. So, I agree with the statement that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants.


I agree with the opinion that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I want the government to make such a rule, because cigarette smoke makes us unpleasant. First, smoke of a cigarette is a bad smell. No matter when I smell a cigarette smoke, I feel bad. If somebody else smoke near me when I eat the meal, I feel terrible. I hate it very much. I think that not only I but there must be many people who hate a smell of a cigarette smoke. Second, the reason why we go to restaurant is to eat delicious food. However, if we are smoked a cigarette smoke from somebody else and our meal tastes bad, we feel terrible. If we feel the taste of our meal is bad, not only non smoker but also cook feels bad. I think cooks make their dishes as hard as they can and they must want us to enjoy their meal. I don't think smokers have a right to prevent us from enjoying the meal. Third, the smoke and the bad smell can drift everywhere in restaurant. We can't keep out them. Therefore I think all we can do to keep out the smoke and the bad smell is only to ban smoking completely at restaurant. These are the reason why I agree with the opinion that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


