I disagree with the statement that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I think all Japan restaurant don't have to ban smoking. I often eat lunch or dinner with my friend who is smoker. Then we talk long time so he sometime begins smoking. If all restaurant ban smoking, I will be not able to talk and eat dinner with him. Some people may say he shouldn't smoke when he eat dinner. But it is free for him to smoke. It's his own problem whether he smoke or not. Some people dislike smoking, others not. What shall they who don't like smoke do? Almost restaurant in Japan have smoking seat. People who dislike smoke should use there. Then, they would not be interpreted by smoke. In Japan, smoking is not banned and not quilt for some people. If restaurants ban smoking, they are troubled about few customer because smokers don't enter there. So I disagree with the statement that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country for smoker and restaurant..


Ｉdon't think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Nowadays, almost all of restaurants in Japan have two different seats. One is a seat for non smokers, the other is a seat for smokers. When you go to a restaurant, a waiter surely ask you whether you smoke or not. So if you don't smoke or you hate the smoke from a smokers, you had better choose a seat for non smokers. However, in case that you don't smoke but your husband or your friends smoke, they may choose a seat for smokers and you may put up with smoke from their. In that case, you should not put up with. You must say that you want to take a seat for non smokers. If smoking completely banned at all the restaurants, people who are like smoking not willing to go to a restaurant. So not completely ban smoking, every restaurants should be careful about environment of restaurants. For example, put plants that keep the air fresh, or clean the air sometimes etc. It is important for restaurant to keep the environment of restaurants clean. And it is important for people who go to a restaurant to say whether you want to smoke or not. From these reasons, I don't think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I have two reasons to support this opinion. The first reason is for health. Under the status quo, in some restaurants, seats are divided for smoking area and non smoking area. But even if we sit in non smoking area, we have to breathe smoke because it flows. The smoke raises our risk of getting cancer. It means that it harms not only smokers, also surrounding people. Tobacco is very bad for our health. When smoking is banned, we don't have to be afraid of breathing smoke and care about it in the restaurant. Without health, we can't do enough what we want to do. Health is very important for our life. Smoker must not hurt non smokers' health. The second reason is for us to enjoy food. Imagine, when you taste delicious food, it comes to smell tobacco. Then, how do you feel? Of course you pay for the food and you want to taste as much as possible. But you can't. So smoke makes you irritating and you never come to the restaurant again. What's more, the delicious food was cooked hard by restaurant staffs for you. It's very bad situation both for restaurants and customers. Like this, now, we can't taste food enough because of smoke. If it's banned at all the restaurants, we can always just enjoy having food. We will appreciate for the food and restaurants. It's very good relationship between restaurants and customers. I think restaurant should be the place we mainly enjoy eating. Not to be interrupt tasting, smokers have to smoke outside. So in conclusion, I think smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in Japan. It's for smokers, surrounding people and restaurant staffs.


I agree with this statement. In these days, many restaurants in Japan are likely to separate the smoking room from non smoking room. However some of them fail to separate them completely. This means that even if I take the table in non smoking area, you may smell the cigarette from the smoking room. Smoking from cigarette makes me uncomfortable, especially when I have a meal. In my opinion, the solution of this problem is that smoking will be completely banned at all the restaurants. Moreover smoking is bad for health, and some studies showed that if they smoke while they are eating, the risk of getting cancer is increased. So, Japanese government should make smoking banned at all restaurants in order to save all citizens' health. From my personal experience, I believe that smoking should be banned in all restaurants in Japan. One of my friends could quite to smoke by the number of non smoking area being increasing. It becomes harder for her to find the area where smoking is allowed. This makes her smoking less cigarettes per a day. Then she doesn't want to smoke anymore now. Therefore since I heard this story, I've believed that policy of smoking being banned in all restaurants makes it easier to quit to smoking. That's why I believe that smoking should be banned in all restaurants in Japan.


I agree the idea that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Because restaurants are places where we enjoy something special foods and conversation with friends, family, or a boyfriend or girlfriend. Smoking doesn't need there. Smoking in restaurants has two bad things. One is that smell of smoking is bad for foods. For example, we can't enjoy the smell of foods if there are people who are smoking in the restaurant. Smell is an important part of food. We enjoy foods by not only taste but also smell. Smell can make foods good, or otherwise it can make foods bad. And the other is that smoke is bad for health. In restaurants, there are a lot of people, babies, children, teens, adults, and olds. Smoking has bad influence in them all. Smoking is bad for health of all people, especially bad for health of babies and pregnancy women. Smoking people don't have the right to make their health bad. Smoking has these two bad things. That's why I agree the idea that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. People who smoke should consider foods of that restaurant and health of people around them.


I don't think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. This is because that some people who are smokers have rights to do what they want to do, as other people who are not smokers also have them. Of course, I disagree with that smokers should smoke anytime and anywhere. And I also disagree with that smokers should be smoking when they are walking or working. Some people who think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country may say that smoking is very harmful and bad for the healthes of the smoker and near people of him, and I think that they are right. In fact, I don't like smokers very much. But I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country is too strict for smokers. I also think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country is not fair for smokers. So, I think that at least, some spaces where smokers can smoke freely are made at all the restaurants in the country. This is why I don't think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


Yes, I agree with the statement. Because I hate smoking with eat meal. Smoker has right smoking but non smoker also has right not smoking at the same time. But non smoker's right is lighter than smoker's one. Smoker's can smoke almost every where every time. Despite smoker can control their desire short time like class. If they wanted to smoke, they can go to smoking place after eating meal soon. It is hard to say not smoke to them non smoker and non smoker have no smoking place. Smoking cause of many diseases like cancer, hart diseases etc Even smoker, they don't want to have diseases. They don't want to and afraid death after getting it. But people don't stop smoking. One reason is Japanese environment. People can get cigarette easily and cheap and can smoke almost everywhere. Japanese government doesn't forbidden smoke. They don't try to reduce smoking people, announce smoking is dangerous for one's health. If smoking completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, smoker will lost one chance, one place for smoking, and some smoker may give up to smoke. It is one of the evident smoking is bad for one's health so that government banned it. And non smoker enjoy meal.


I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in Japan. Mainly reason is that smoking is harmful for not only smokers but also non smokers. Tobacco smoke is two types: one is main smoke and the other is sub smoke. The former is absorbed by smokers but the latter passively by non smokers with regard to will. If smokers have manners, smoke floats into the air. It is stuffed unconsciously. At first, restaurants are the place that people gather and enjoy eating. The food is good with both taste and smell. If smoke float in the restaurant, it reduce the dish taste by half. Although people have the freedom to smoke, they may not harm others' feeling, let alone at table. In fact, smoking has been banned from 10:00 to 14:00 on holiday in the Doughnut shop I work for a year. The time is peak people gather. I feel that the more families with children come to shop comparing with before. It shows that more people dislike smoking. All people can enjoy meal equally at any time in any place. In Europe, most countries ban smoking in the restaurant. Following Europe, it needs to be ban in Japan too.


I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are some reasons. Cigarettes lead a lot of bad effects on both smokers and non smokers. First, restaurants are places that everyone enjoys eating something and talking with his or her friends. Everyone should be happy in restaurants. Smokers may be happy to smoke. But non smokers must be not happy, because even if non smokers don't smoke, they have to breathe smokes of cigarettes. Even there is only a smoking person, the smoke spreads all over the room in restaurants. In my case, I don't like smoke and smell of cigarettes, so if someone smokes in restaurants, I don't want to eat there. Second, smoking during eating is not a good manner. At least during eating, smokers should smoking. Non stopping smoking is not only a bad manner, but also can become a killer. This means that cigarettes may lead diseases to both smokers and non smokers. Especially, the disease is cancer. Cancer is one of the difficult diseases, because it often repeats. And if the cancer is too bad, the person may die. As you know from these examples, cigarettes give only bad effects to people. That is why I think that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country.


I agree with this opinion. There are two reasons. First, it is painful for people who don't smoke to have dinner in the restaurant. They often get worse when people are smoking. Some people say, We don't have to ban smoking in the restaurants. It is enough to make the non smoking seats. It may be better than there are not non smoking seats, but we can't say it is enough. Because smoke really can go everywhere in the restaurants, so people who don't smoke finally get smoke. The managers in restaurants should be more careful for their guests to enjoy having the dinner. Second, smoking made the restaurants dirty. I have a part time job in Japanese restaurant and guests can smoke everywhere in the restaurant. After the guests go back home, I clean up the room. Then, I always find that there are a lot of ashes on the tatami. It is really hard to clean. And I also find the color of walls is getting yellow a little. I can't believe there are people who don't hesitate to make the room dirty. They are guests, but it is natural to be should keep the manners.


I think smoking shoud be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Because I often enjoy smell and taste of dinner at restaurants, but smoke destroys ohteres happy dinner time. Many people who do not smoke don't like the tabacco's smell. The smell erase good smell of food. Many restaurants depart the seats for smoker and for not smoker, however, smoke cover large space and make many people, not smoker, feel worse and not appitite. So. searts deparetion have no sense. And when we sit a seat after smokers, we suffer from the bad smell which remind in the seat. Smoking is bad thing especially bad thing at places to eat food and used by many people. Many people have knew the fact the smoke include bad material which cause a lot of illness. We go to restaurants to eat delisious food, not to get illness. I think there are many people who like to smoke, but they can do out of restaurants too. Recentry, at many insturuments used by many people in Japan, smoking is banned. At a official place, they think other people. So, to enjoy lunch, smoking should be banned completely at restaurants.


I agree with this statement. I think this thought is expanding in Japan. Then I would like to tell you why I think smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in Japan. First, restaurants are places where we eat food. It means that we take something in our bodies. If smoking is not banned, we cannot avoid taking poison. Not only air through our noses but also foods through mouths. It is bad for our health. Second, delicious foods are spilled by smoke. For example, when I went to eat Italian restaurant, I found someone smoking. I really irritated. I thought that they broke this wonderful atmosphere. By smoking every delicious food, good music and comfortable atmosphere is broken. Third, recently we tend to ban smoking at restaurants. A lot of restaurants ban smoking at least at launch time, dinner and holiday. We should promote this action more. I think smoking is bad for our health not only smoker but also non smoker if someone smoke at restaurants. Wonderful food, music, and atmosphere is broken by smoking. And we are promoting not to smoke at restaurants. So, I think smoking should be banned at restaurants. And I hope to ban that.


I disagree with that statement. Of course I don't smoke because I am now still 19 and don't like smoking. I think recently, the number of the people smoking in a public place like load, station and so on. In a restaurant, there are often two rooms, smoking room and not smoking room. I really appreciate it and use not smoking room because I don't smoke. I think there are some troubles, but if smoking is banned more over, the people who smoke cannot go outside with smoking. But when I go to a restaurant with friends of mine who smoke, there occurs a trouble. I have to put up with smoking or they have to bear smoking. I think restraints should make a room where both of people who smoke and people not smoke can eat. For example, they make the machine which takes all smoke. It may cost a lot, but I hope it to be made. Also, the restaurant which all the rooms is for the people who smoke should be made because the room where people can smoke is restricted and the room where people can smoke without any hesitation is necessary. I understand that smoking is harmful, but people can choose whether to smoke or not smoke. As long as people can smoke, the room for smoking is necessary for smokers.


I disagree with the statement. Certainly, it is said that the number of people who smoke is reducing. And smoking does harm not only to people who smoke themselves but also to people around them, for example, their family and their colleagues and so on. But some people still want to smoke and by doing so, they can relax. So if smoking is banned at all the restaurants in the country, smoking people have to give up eating out or cannot relax when they're eating out all their lives. And also, if smoking is banned at all the restaurants, smoking will soon be banned in many public places or other shops and smoking people will be hard to live. So we need to understand the feelings that smoking people want to smoke and cannot give up smoking and we have to protect the rights of smokers. But I think that smokers have to follow the rules, too. For example, smoking people must not smoke at the place where smoking is banned. And also, smoking people have to pay attention not to do harm to people around them. When we follow the rules and understand each other, we don't get angry or upset and live together peacefully and happily.


I agree with the opinion that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. It is known by many people that smoking is bad not only for smokers' health, but also health of people around the smoker. This is truth which is proved scientifically. These days, smoking is banned at many public places. Restaurants is also visited by many people and they enjoy eating. No smoking people have the right to keep their health. Moreover, some of them hate the smell of tobacco and mere smell of it makes their feelings bad. Even if no smoking seats and smoking seats are separated at the restraint, it is difficult to shat out the smell completely. In this situation, people who dislikes tobacco cannot enjoy eating at the restaurant. On the other hand, it is not necessary for smokers to smoke when they are eating. If they want to smoke, they have many other ways. They can smoke before their eating at other places. Smokers only have to stand to smoke at eating so that this problem will be solved. Every people can eat at restaurants without unpleasure if Smoking be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


I agree the statement that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are several reasons. First, smoking is bad for health. For example, smokers will have lung cancer or high blood pressure and so on, so they can't live longer than non smokers and they have to suffer from these diseases in the future. Second, non smokers around smokers might be uncomfortable because almost non smokers don't want to breathe the fog especially they are eating with children. Third, restaurants are not a place of smoking but a place of eating. Smokers should be just eating and talking with their friends, fellows or family. Actually, smokers probably want to smoke when they are eating because they are addicted. So I think that we should separate smokers from non smokers completely. Then each kind of people can eat comfortable. And I think that we should not sell tobacco to those who have not smoked yet. This is because I think that smoking costs a lot of money and smokers will not increase and those who have the diseases that caused by smoking also will not increase. In conclusion, I think that smoking never benefits us. So I agree the statement.


I don't think we should absolutely ban smoking in Japan. Because I don't think smoking is very bad. It is sure that smoking is not good for our health. But is it also bad for our mentality? I don't think so. Actually, smoking makes the smoker relax. When they face a serious situation, they smoke in order to be calmed down. Before they do a very important thing, they smoke too. I should think about other people around the smoker. I heard smoking is more harmful for people around the smoker than for the smoker. So smoking is not the problem only for the smoker themselves but also for other people. But is it really that we can solve this problem only by banning smoking completely? I think no. We must have other ways. For example, separating the smoker from the not smoker completely is good way. In this way, both the smoker and the not smoker are satisfied. Actually, in Japan, this way is gradually increasing. We call this way BUNNENN in Japanese. It is not easy to satisfy all people including the smoker or not smoker. So it is not good to decide to ban smoking easily. We should find the other ways. So I disagree this opinion.


I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country because smoking makes trouble for non smokers around smokers. First, smoking does harm for not only smokers themselves, but also non smokers around them—in fact much more harm for non smokers than for smokers. As you know, smoking can cause lung cancer. Smoking at a restaurant means causing great damage to next tables. I think it is not fair that non smokers suffer such damage. Second, many non smokers don't like the smell of smoke, and smoking near them makes them feel bad. They don't want to eat at the table next to smokers'. Recently, restrains which separate smokers and non smokers have been increasing in Japan, but many restaurants just divided tables into two parts—one allowed to smoke, another banned to smoke. After all, smokers and non smokers are in the same room, and it is no good. To protect non smokers, complete separation is necessary. At such a restaurant, the room for smokers is full of smoke, and I think that none can enjoy dishes there. Thesedays smokers have decreasing places where they are allowed to smoke. So they may be complaining about that—where can we smoke? I think smoking should be completely banned at all public place.


I agree with this statement that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. The restaurant has many kind of people. For example, child, elderly person, woman who is pregnant, non smoker and smoker. A smoker smokes and surrounding him people are compelled to smoke secondly. The smoke are gas, so no one smoke without worrying people around him. Almost all of my friends don't smoke at the restaurants in the same reason. Today's economy has been worse. This influence smoker. If you smoke, you should think you need money. Smoke is bad for health as everyone knows. I have seen comparing smoker's lung and that of non smoker. In a belief sight tell their difference. Non smoker's lung is pink, but that of smoker is almost black. Tar cause this difference between smoker and non smoker. I think I must not smoke. The same thing is able to say everyone. My parents used to smoke, so smoke smelling remind me of childhood. My opinion about this is to think time, place and occasion. Smoking should be banned at the restaurants in Japan.


I agree with this opinion. And I have three reasons. First reason is that a lot of people don't like cigarette's smokes. I don't like smokes too. When I smell smokes, I feel very bad and sometimes have a headache. Some friends smoke, but when they smoke near me, I ask them to stop smoking. And passive smoking is very bad for our health. So if smoking is banned in restaurants, more people need not to feel bad and enjoy eating lunch or dinner than ever. And children enjoy eating in restaurant with safe. Moreover, it is very good for our health not to have passive smoking. Of course, it is very good for smokers. Second reason is that smoking doesn't make us enjoy eating. If we smoke during eating, we can't enjoy delicious lunch or dinner. Because cigarette's smoke make our sense of tastes bad. In restaurants we should enjoy tastes. Third reason is that I think refraining from smoking is polite manner during eating in public spaces. So I think it is important for smoking to be banned completely in all restaurants in Japan. By doing so, all people from children to the aged enjoy breakfast or lunch or dinner in restaurant with safe.


I agree with the fact that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country First, smoke makes even delicious food bad and the air unclean. Some people enjoy eating special dinner and phenomenon of restaurants. Restaurants are not private place, but public place. Second, today, a lot of restaurants in Japan are separating a non smoking seat and a smoking seat. But, in fact, that is not perfect. Smoke moves from a smoking seat to a non  smoking seat. Some restautant's owners may make much effort to do that, but it costs a lot of money to rebuild their restaurants. So it is difficult for owners to solve the problem of separation of smoking and non smoking. Most importantly, some researches said that those who smoke are more likely to get cancer. In Japan, smoking is the second biggest factor of cabcer. And smoking results in the fact that not only peole who smoke but also people who are near smokers are badly affected. On the top of that, smoke has a more terrible effect on non smokers than smokers. Smokers should have a responsibility for smoking and think about the importance of life. Therefore, I think that the Japanese Government have to ban smoking completely at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking does more harm than good.


I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I have two reasons. First of all, smoking is very harmful. It harms not only people who are smoking but also people who are near smokers. Its smoke smells bad and most non smokers, including me, do not like the smell of smoke. When they are eating at restaurants, I think that the smell will prevent them from enjoying eating lunch or dinner. So I disagree with smoking at restaurants. Second, I feel that the habit of smoking should be stopped. Smokers pay a lot of money to buy cigarettes and make their health so bad. They may get cancer or other health problems if they continue to smoke. It is a very strange habit and I cannot understand it. Banning smoking at restaurants may help to quit smoking. This is the second reason. It is true that there are still many smokers in Japan. However, in order to have a nice time for all people at restaurants, smoking there should be completely banned. I hope that some day smoking will be banned at all shops or public spaces and the habit of smoking will disappear from Japan.


I disagree with the statement. In my opinion, people should not smoke because smoking is very harmful not only for smokers but also for people around them, and there are a lot of people who do not like cigarette. So, basically, I think that smoking should be banned at public places. However, I don't think that smoking have to be banned at all the restaurants in the country, because there are a lot of people who can't calm down without smoking cigarette and want to smoke in restaurants. If smoking is banned at all the restaurants, such people can't go restaurants forever. It is unfair for smokers. So, I think that all the restaurants should prepare both of non smoking seats and smoking seats. If they separate the two seats, people who like smoking cigarette can enjoy smoking, not caring about people around them, and people who do not like smoking cigarette can enjoy eating, not being bothered by smokers. In my experience, there are many restaurants which prepare the two seats, but do not separate the two seats completely, so people who do not like cigarette are bothered by smokers even though they sit in non smoking seats. So what is important for restaurants is that they prepare the two seats completely.


I agree with this opinion and there are two reasons to agree this. The first reason is that tobacco smoke makes air bad. I think that everyone wants to enjoy meal in clean air. If there are smoking seats that spoils delicious meats and we cannot smell and taste correctly. In addition to that people who smoking feel full before eat meal enough because tobacco have such an effect. When we eat, it is good for smoking people and non smoking people not to smoke. The second is that passive smoking. People who don't smoke and children are unconsciously in the same situation that they smoke. Tobacco smoke that is out of the tip of it is worse for health than breathe from the tale. They are only in the room they are done harm. If room is separated or seats are distanced, that can't keep off completely so no smoking is the best way to solve the problem. In conclusion, the restaurants should be clean air places and no harm places. I think smoking should be completely banned at all the official places where many people gather. We can live a comfortable life if all of us think of environment.


I disagree with this statement. There are two reasons to do it. First, if all restaurants in Japan ban to smoke, they miss their guests. I think that people go to restaurant not only eat foods but also enjoy the time. I heard that people who like to smoke very much get irritated without smoking. They cannot enjoy under the situation. So they do not want to go to restaurant. Although people who dislike smoking think restaurant should ban to smoke, smoking seat and not smoking seat are separated in restaurant now, so I think restaurant do not have to ban smoking. Second, I think Japanese government will be damaged. I guess that if all restaurant ban to smoke, this change make many smokers to decide to ban smoking. Although it sounds good to many people, smokers like them are get irritated and may become sick because of the no smoking life stress. I heard that smokers who ban to smoke have higher risk to be cancer than other smokers. So if restaurant ban it, people who have cancer may increase. And more and more sick people exist, more and more money government pay to these people. On the other hand, smokers who ban smoking increase, the smoking tax decrease. So government budget is cut. Although I dislike smoking and do not want to smoke, if the statement are realized, many problems happen. So I disagree with the statement.


I agree with the voice that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are two reasons I think so. The One is that I think the smoke of tobaccos is make dishes not delicious. If I was the cook, I want to eat the dishes on the best condition. I do not smoke and I do not like the smoke. So I think, for who do not like smoke, the smoke is the bad thing which the condition make bad. I do not know how smokers feel about the smoke, but there are more people who are not smoking than people who are smoking. In the stands of the shop, for make the restaurant better, we should considerate about majority. And the other reason is that we cannot separate the area for smoking and for no smoking in perfectly. Some of restaurants separate the area to smoking and no smoking but I think it is not good. In the many case, the separation do not cover all. So In the seat in no smoking area but near the smoking area, we feel the smell of the smoke of tobacco. Because of these two reasons, I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


I disagree with the idea that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Because the most important thing is whether people who don't smoke feel bad. I hate the smell of cigarettes. Because once the smoke touched clothes, it is hard to removing the smell. Neither I hate the smoke, because the smoke badly influences on people who are around smokers. But we often don't feel bad because many restaurants and offices separate the smoking area and non smoking area. In these days, many restaurants make 2 areas; smoking area and non smoking area. Some shops make the rule to ban smoking in the lunch time. I like these ideas separating smokers and non smokers because these ideas will make all people happy. But when the non smoking area is full, non smokers have to enter the smoking area. So restaurants should research the number of customers, and set reasonable number of tables. Also restaurants should put walls between these two areas to stop entering the smoke into another area. Actually the smoke makes our health bad, and has nothing good. But many people love smoking, so I think banning smoking completely is not right. Some good ideas will make our lives comfortable.


I agree with the statement. I show first reason. I hate smoking. Because smoking smell is very bad. If I see a smoking people at lunch, I feel unhappy and angry. The lunch becomes not delicious. Next, I show second reason. I worry about smoking people. Smoking is disaster for body. Smoking causes death. It is fear. Smoking looks very cool. But, I will not smoking. I want to keep my body healthy. I sometimes meet smoking person on bicycle driving when I drive my bicycle back the person. It is worst situation for me. The smoke flow my face. I must take smoke. I want to stop smoking during driving bicycle. Because, I think that people must not smoke everywhere in Japan. But, I think that some people will not stop smoking. So, we must divide people from smoking people and not smoking people. But, I feel it is sad. I know a good point of smoking. Smoking tax is very high rate in Japan. Smoking people may feel that high smoking tax is very bad. Conclusion I think that smoking people will stop smoking. Because, I think smoking should be completely banned at the entire restaurant in Japan.


I agree with the statement. Smoking is not good thing for people. Smoking affects not only people who smoke but also people who are by the smoker. Smoking is harmful for people health. It is said that people who have smoked for a long time are likely to get a cancer. Once they start to smoke, people seems to stop smoking. But smoking costs people a lot of money. And people who smoke waste time. People who often smoke seem to get stress when they don't smoke for a long time. So it seems that smoker have less "shuchuryoku" than non smoker. In addition, it seems that smoker can't run longer time than non smoker because smoking has our bless equipment bad effect. So most of professional sport player don't smoke. Sometimes famous actors look very cool when he smoke in TV drama. So there are many people who think that smoker is cool. But smoke is not good. In many foreign countries, smoking is banned very strictly. At all side of smoke box, there are large size sentences and pictures about smoke harm in many countries around the world. There are countries in which smoking is completely banned at all the restaurants. So I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, too. I want to go to the restaurant in which there are many people who are smoking. If the restaurant's food is very delicious, smoking makes the restaurant smelly. So it makes foods bad. And not only people who want to smoke but also non smoker who dislike smoke smell come to the restaurants. Children, older people and woman who will bear a baby a few month after also want to come to there. But it is harmful for them especially. So for all of people who want to go to the restaurant and enjoy eating and drinking, smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country.


I disagree with this. There're some reason why I think so. Of course I think it is a really important thing when we think about our health. You know the secondary smoking is one of the serious problems we have to solve ASAP because it is more harmful for non smoking people than smoking. And it is difficult to separate completely in the small restaurant for example small café or bar etc. We can't avoid the smoke in the room. But now there are other so serious problems. For example there are economic crisis, credit crunch and so many problems in the world. So a lot of people in the world can't get their jobs, were laid off and unemployed. That's why I think it is an important way to solve the problem about employment. You know in Japan there are some major tobacco companies like JT. And the companies have a lot of worker. If smoking was completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, some people might stop smoking. And the number of smoking people will decrease. Because of that, the tobacco companies could lay off some workers. People laid off won't be able to find their new job. So I think smoking shouldn't be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


Smoking in restraints should be banned completely in Japan. There are three reasons why I think so. First, it's for people who don't smoke. The smoke from the top of the cigarettes is more harmful than that which goes into smoker. So, No matter how careful people make minds not to smoke, the risk of cancer doesn't decrease. Why do we have to suffer from the risk? I can't understand. Secondly, it's for people who manage the restraints. The smoke from cigarettes contains factors which cause troubles in the restraints. The white wall turns brown gradually and the color of the wall makes the restraint's impression bad. Managers have to pay money to change wallpaper. The smoke also damages machines like air conditioner or air cleaner. The damaged filter in the machine is no longer available. Thirdly, the most important reason, it's for people who smoke heavily. As you can see, smokers should stop smoking and some people try to do it. But it is so difficult once he/she start to smoke. So we have to support them to make society comfortable for the people who want to stop smoking. As the activity, it's necessary to ban smoking and stop smoker thinking I want to smoke.


I don't agree the statement. That is, smoking should not be banned at the restaurant in Japan. Why I think so? There are two reasons. First, smoking is free will. The restaurant is not only for not smoking people. If smoking people banned to smoke in the restaurant, it is inequality. They have a smokers' right. Of course, they must worry not smoking people. A smokers' section is been for that reason. Second, annoying people is not only smoking people. The statement means indirectly smoking people is annoying. But, I think that the people making noise and the children running at the restaurant are much more annoying. They interrupt other customers' conversation. The smoke of a cigarette is certainly annoying, they can smoke in a smokers' section. There is no problem. Smoking people refrain from not smoking people, but that people doesn't refrain whoever. If smoking people banned to smoke in the restaurant, all of the people must have been banned to make noise, run at the restaurant. If the customer machining noise, run at the restaurant, who can drive out them? It is impossible. In the same way, it is impossible to drive out smoking people. I won't be able to smoke absolutely forever, but I think smoking is free will, so I think smoking not been banned at the restaurant in Japan.


I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I think restaurant should be clean and comfortable. But someone who smoke in restaurant, there become duty and uncomfortable and stink. I can't understand why a person smokes. I hear that people who passive smoking is unhealthier than smoker. Smoker get around people annoy. If a person enters the restaurant and who begin to smoke, around people become uncomfortable. And a person go out restaurant, smoke stay there a lot of times. People who eat in restaurant, who become passive smoking. If a person who smoke in front of restaurant, I don't want to enter there. I once think that the restaurant which is for smoker exclusive use. But clerk become passive smoking. So I think smoking should be completely banned. Amount of cigarettes price is too expensive. If you become no smoking, you should not waste for cigarettes. You become healthy and save money. There are all good for you. I think smoking become completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. So smoker will be more and more decrease. And I hope that no one smoke in the future. I hear that cigarettes butt is a lot. So, if no one smoke, Japan's garbage become more and more less.


I agree this opinion. I think smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country. Recently, smoking is banned in public place. Especially, it trend to prohibit smoking in a place where gathering many people. Stop smoking in public place will be common sence. I think smoking at all the restaurants has two problems. Firstly, smoking erase smell and flaver of meel. Smell and flaver of meel are important components of meel. Smell and flaver of meel relate taste of meel. So, smoking breaks good taste of meel. Secondly, smoking causes sub smoking. Sub smoking injures surrounded people. There are many young and old people at restaurants. Smoker should think about sub smoking. Smoking is no good for non smoker. To separate smoking and no smoking is spread recently. However, it is busy to separate smoking and non smoking completely. Because, it is impossible to separate air and smoke completely. Many smoker might insist that smoking is public permitted right. That is true. But, I insist that the right of refuse smoking is as much as important the right of smoking. Of course, I don't insist that smoking is illegal. I want smoker to protect these two rights in public place.


I agree with the statement that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I have two reasons about it. First I do not like tobacco's smell. I always see the people that smoke around Turumai Park and Nagoya university hospital. I think that Tobacco's smell is very bad. When I go though their people, I get bad feeling. So when I go though their people, I always stop breathing during going though them. Second smoking is dangerous for people that are around a smoking man. Smoking affects bad for a smoking man. But, smoking affects a smoking man more than a man that are around a smoking man. Nicotine which is contained of tobaccos has reliance. And tobacco contains of a lot of toxic substance. So when we breathe where there are tobaccos, we tend to get diseases more than we live in nothing of tobacco. So I think that tobacco is dangerous drug. Tobacco is nothing of good effect to us. So I want to ban smoking not only at all the restaurants in the country, bad also all over Japan. That is why I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


I disagree. At first, I have never smoked yet. I don't like smells of cigarettes and I know that smoking isn't good for health very much. So I don't smoke. Although some my friends smoke. They said that smoking is great after meals. Some of them are at work. When they will finish the job, they will sometimes go to the restaurants to have a dinner. Then they will be very tired. If smoking is completely banned at all the restaurants, they won't have a great time after meals. And they won't be able to cure a tiredness of the job. Because it will be sad for them, I can't rob of smoking in restaurants. But it is uncomfortable of non smoking people containing me to be smoked in restaurants. And it is more dangerous for the pregnant woman, children and babies to breathe on smokes of cigarettes. I think the smoking man must be care of the people around him when he smokes in restaurants. Now some restaurants separate from smoking and non smoking area in Japan. I agree on the idea. I had better separate from smoking and non smoking area than completely banned at all the restaurants. It will be good results for each other.


I don't agree the idea that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurant in Japan. I think it is problem to prohibit smoking completely. There are two reasons why smoking shouldn't be entirely banned. First, tobacco has strong dependence. A lot of smokers can't stop smoking even if they want to break their habit of smoking. If people who are smoking really stop smoking, they must have fixed preparation. It would take long time to succeed in no smoking. Second, there are many smokers in Japan. We can't disregard the population of smoking people. Today, the treatment for smokers becomes more and more severe. For example, smoking is basically prohibited in platform and shopping center. It is permitted only in smoking room. Like this, I think we should not ban completely but divide between smoking seats and nonsmoking seats at all the restaurant in Japan. If smoking is banned completely, smokers would be dissatisfied. But of course it must not be entirely allowed. If it's not divided, people who don't smoke would be displeased. There are a lot of people who hate tobacco because it's fact that smoking injures our health. We should consider both of them. So I think smoking shouldn't be completely banned at the entire restaurant in Japan.


I don't think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. It is because I know that those who like smoking feel stress if they are told not to smoking, and to smoke after dinner seems to make them happy and calm very much. I think that both smokers and nonsmokers should enjoy dinner. I hate smoke of tobacco. When I go to a restaurant with my friends, we usually choose nonsmoking seats. If I smell of tobacco, I lose the want of eating a little. Therefore, I wish all the restaurants completely separate smoking seats from nonsmoking seats, and prevent smoke of tobacco from leaking out of smoking seats. By it, everyone can use restaurants comfortably. However, I have a problem when I go to a restaurant that allows every seat smoking with my friends who like smoking. When I enter it, I manage to stand the smell. I can afford to chat with them. However, as they start to smoke in front of me, I hardly stand it. It is too unpleasant for me to eat, but I sometimes can't ask them to stop it. Therefore, honestly, I wish all the restaurants to ban it.


Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurant in Japan I agree to this opinion on the whole. I dislike tobacco and I think it is worth than useless. It cause lung cancer and have a bad influence upon babies especially for women who has babies. So I wish tobacco died from all over the world. I understand that I should allow smokers also have the right to smoke. If he or she hopes to smoke, we can't invade his or her right to smoke. But I can't endure being made to breathe the smoke. What we allow smokers to do is the right to smoke only for them, not the right to make others smoke. Smokers must not mistake this point. That is to say, I think smokers must not smoke in the place where they can't account for their smoke. The restaurant is the place where men and women of all ages come. So I think smokers must not smoke in the restaurant. I have one more reason. Breathing the smoke, we can't savor the original taste and smell of food. If there are no smoking seats, the smoke float and come to the seats. People who don't smoke can't enjoy their dinner after all. So I think smoking should be banned completely.


I agree with this idea. Simply, it is one of grounds that I don't like smoking, but I think there are two reasons why smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in Japan. First, smoking is harmful for you. For example, if you habitually smoke, you can get a cancer of the lungs easy. And you can get nicotinism, too. By nicotinism, you can be taken tobacco dependence, so you are not able to stop smoking gradually. Because smoking affects your health step by step, smoking should be perfectly forbidden not only restaurants but also daily life. Second, smoking bothers those around smoker about passive smoking. For instance, passive smoking is harmful for those around smoker, too. It increases by passive smoking that Possibility that you can get diseases such as cancer even if you do not smoke. The trouble is not that much. There are people who dislike smoke of tobacco. I do not like this smell, too. Especially, I am having dinner. This smoke spoils good meals and good times. So smoking should be cut out at all restaurants. I can not smoke because my past disease. I hope that smoker aware that there are people who are harmed by smoking such as me.


I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country for three reasons. First, as you know, smoking is bad for your health. Even if you like smoking, you ought to reduce smoking. The law against smoking will be a chance for you to stop smoking during meals. Second, many people have dishes in restaurants. Though some of them may like smoking too, but others don't like it. You may say that these days more and more restaurants separate between smoking seats and no smoking ones. But smoke widen throughout the floor. Moreover, you can do harm much heavily in case children are there. Both physically and mentally, children are more effective than adults. It may inhibit them from growing! And of course you can't easily make up for it. You will get many responsibilities by smoking in public. Third, smoking prevents you from tasting dishes. It's a pity that even though good chefs give you delicious plates, you wouldn't be able to feel anything special. It's also rude for the chefs. In the ends, by smoking you have a fun only for a second, and after that you will get many problems. I hear that many countries in the world have already banned smoking in public. They widely announce that smoking is a cause of many diseases. In Japan there are less strict against smoking now. But weather strict exist or not, you should stop smoking such places like restaurants where many people are.


I agree with this statement. I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I have mainly two reasons and, then, I will mention why I agree. First, a lot of people who do not smoke often hate a smoke of cigarettes. At the restaurants, they have the rights of enjoying eating, and if someone is smoking near them they can not enjoy it. Since the restaurants are public place, it should be kept comfortable for everyone. Smoking sometimes makes people uncomfortable, so smoking should be banned at the public place like the restaurants. Second, a smoke of cigarettes affects not only the feelings of people who do not like smoking but also the health of everyone. If you smoke, of course it is bad for your health. In addition, it is worse for the health of people who sitting near you or serving the dishes to you. It is proved scientifically that people not who smoking but who is near smoking man are more affected in the point of the health. So smoking should be banned in order to protect the customers and the employees of that restaurant from harm of the cigarette's smoke. That is my ideas about smoking. Of course it is better that they can stop smoking by themselves at the restaurants but it is difficult, I think. So smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. The restaurants should be comfortable place for everyone.


I think that smoking should not be banned at all restaurants in Japan. Of course, a lot of studies show that smoking is harmful not only for smokers, but also the people around smokers. Smoking causes the lung cancer; it almost becomes a commonsense. However, many smokers continue to smoking although they know the commonsense. A study shows that otherwise once a person is used to smoking, it is difficult that he gives up smoking, smoking help smokers concentrate on their works, or make smokers feel relax. These effects make it more difficult for smokers to give it up. Restaurants are the places where people feel comfortable and relax through the dishes. If smoking is banned at all restaurants, those who make it a rule to smoke a cigarette after eating will feel uncomfortable. The owners who manage restraints should not make them feel such uncomfortable feelings and they will not. This is why I insist that smoking should not be banned at restaurants. On the other side, it is also important that those who don't smoke should not feel uncomfortable because of smokers. The owners should make effort as well as they can. If it becomes true, more people have more comfortable and better times.


I agree with the idea that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are three reasons why smoking should be prohibited. First, smoking is bad for our health. Smoke contains some harmful substances and they often cause cancer. It does harm not only to a smoker himself but also to people who are around him and never smoke because of him. So smoking is not good at all. Second, smoke has very bad smell. It gives pain to people who are around a smoker and do not smoke. At restaurants there are little children as well as adults, who dislike smoke. Lastly, at restaurants there are many families, lovers, friends, and so on. If someone starts smoking at such place, they will feel badly and their happy time will be soiled. Only one smoker sometimes brings discomfort to everyone there. So I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. In addition, I hope that tobacco completely vanished all over the world. If so, I can live more comfortably and happily every day!!


I agree this opinion. This is because, at first, smoking isn't good for our health. As we know well, smoking people can catch cancer of lung. Cancer is the most in the cause of death by disease. So, I think it's better not to smoke. Secondary, like restaurant, smoking is annoying to me. Especially, the smog of cigarette "enter" my body, and it damages my health. For example, in my case, only being in the smoking section, the frequency of my coughing becomes pretty high!! And in bad case, I come to have a headache, so I can't sleep well at night. (and very sleepy at school... ) In other words, including some same matters first reason, smoking damages not only people who are smoking, but also people who are around cigarettes, that is, none smoking people like me. So in the place which the window is closed, like restaurant, is easy to damage our body and health. Recently, what is called "walking cigarette" is taken in the news program. It also hurts the health of children. So, I am for the opinion. And, I want people who smoke, to pay attention to others around them.


I agree with this idea that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are three reasons why smoking should be forbidden. The first reason is that the smell of smoking can disturb the flavors of dishes. Foods may taste down by that of smoking. The second reason is that family customers can come to restaurants. I think that parents want to prevent their children from smoke. Smoke is too much harmful for what children grow up. So, in front of children, people should not smoke. I think that the last reason is the most important reason. The last reason is smoking does damage to not only the smoking people but also the other people around the smoking people. Surely, there are the spaces which are prohibited smoking at almost all the restaurants in the country. But the smoke flow widely around the restaurants. There are many people in the restaurants. So, at common place, smoking should be banned. Therefore, I agree with this idea. But I also think that this idea is sorry for the people who like smoking. It seems that they want to smoke after eating. So, I think that restaurant managers had better than to make a space for smoking out of store.


I disagree with the opinion smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are three reasons why I think so. First, people who smoke frequently or who can't stop smoking can not relax to eat lunch or dinner in a restaurant or are hesitate to enter a restaurant. Then, the number of people who eat foods in restaurants and income will decline, and managers of restaurants will be in trouble. Restaurants should meet all the customer's demands. Second, smoking people have the right to smoke. I think that only the non smoking people's right should not be respected. Particularly, in a restaurant which people often use, such a regulation should not be strengthened. In Japan, where people make a point of rights, we all the more should not do so. Third, I think there is a better method than the opinion if smoking is too much annoying. In the restaurants, we divide the room into smoking area and non smoking area. So, smoking people can smoke without concerning and non smoking people aren't exposed smoke. Because of these three reasons, I disagree with this opinion.


Many people like a cigarette, and smoke at any place in japan. if only we are over twenty years old, we can buy it in any store easily. Today, while a lot of them feel relaxed by smoking it,, many people who don't smoke suffer from that smoke. The fact is that smoke contains harmful material which cause the person lung cancer. So, to reduce the risk for the smoker, a cigarette is with a filter tip. But only being by the person who is smoking, even if you are nonsmoker, you smoke passively. Passive smoking is more risky for the human health than direct smoking. But, today, we have done many things to change this circumstance into that both smoker and nonsmoker get along without feeling uncomfortable. we have separated smoking area from non smoking area. At the restaurant, office, university, even at the platform, smoking space is established. Owing to that, we have not only succeed in reducing passive smoking, but also many smoker are able to have a chance to reflect on their smoking manner. A lot of thing for smoker and nonsmoker have been complemented, nevetheless now should smoking be banned completely at all the restaurants ?


I agree with this opinion because I hate it very much personally. In addition, I don't like its smoke because no one smokes in my family. Then I would like to explain three more reasons in the following passage. Firstly, if there are some people who are smoking in the restaurant, the air around me also becomes bad. If all the people in the restaurant smoked, no one would feel bad with the air. But some people smoke. Others don't smoke. I think that we should take more consideration into the latter than the former. Secondly, smoking does harm with not only the smoking person but also others around him. In addition, I have heard that the smoke does more harm with people who don't smoke than smoking people. In such a place as restaurants, more and more people will be broken their health. Thirdly, dishes become not delicious by breathing the smoke. Even if the dishes which we like very much are carried in front of me, we won't be able to enjoy eating by breathing the smoke. I think we should concentrate on enjoy eating in restaurants. For these reasons, I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


I agree this theme. Smoking is harmful not only for smoker's health but for nonsmoker's health. Because, nonsmokers expose to passive smoking. Tobacco contains harmful substances such as nicotine. It is possible for smokers and nonsmokers to cause lung cancer. Passive smoking has a risk of lung cancer. In Japan, when we go into the restaurant, we are asked if we smoke or not. If we say yes, we will be led to smoking seats. If we say no, we will be led to nonsmoking seats. In a restaurant, although the seats are parted, nonsmokers can smell the smoke. And many families eat at restaurant. Of course they contain children. Smoking has a bad influence on children. Children are very sensitive and easy to be effected by smoking. Many people don't like the smell of tobacco. The smell of tobacco is very unpleasant for nonsmokers. If smokers want to smoke in the restaurant, they should smoke outside the restaurant. For example, I have a part time job at a restaurant. It bans smoking all day. We ask customers not to smoke. So, I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Although I had smoked the cigarette before, I have not done so in any longer now. There are many things that I have noticed after giving up smoking. Firstly, the smoke hurts health of the people whom there is around a smoking person. For example, the smoke promotes getting to cancer. And the damage of the smoke is bigger than the one to a person smoking. I think the smoke is bad even if the restaurant is divided into a smoking room and the nonsmoking room because all the restaurants are full with the smoke. Secondly, for the people who do not smoke, smoke of cigarettes is not a good thing of a feeling. It is to say nothing of the smokes it to damage health, and it is not a good smell. The smoke makes those who are around the person smoking feeling bad. Thirdly, the smoke of the cigarette makes the room dirty. The smoke changes the color of the wall of the restaurant. Because the cleanness is lost, the impression of the restaurant gets worse. So it is not good for the restaurant. This is why I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


I agree this idea. Many restaurants already make non smoking area. So I think it's easy because we only need one more step to ban smoking completely. I'll show you 3 reasons to support my opinions. First reason is health. As you know, smoking causes many diseases for example lung cancer. And it is said that if you smoke one cigarette, your life span will shorten in 50 seconds. I think dangerous risk is so openly said so smoking people must stop it and be careful of their health. Second reason is passive smoking. Even if you want not to smoke, you would breathe smoke because of the one smoker. This is dangerous not only adult but also children especially baby. They can't escape from smoke by themselves. So parents should avoid smoking. And passive smoking can't prevent by family only. We need all social people's cooperation. So, smoking should be banned at all social place, of course including restaurant. Third reason is smells. Have you ever been to KARAOKE? Don't you feel uncomfortable by smell of cigarette? I have experienced that situation many times. Cigarette is annoying product. The existence itself is troublesome. For those reasons, I think all restaurants should ban smoking completely.


I agree with this idea that smoking should be completely banned at the entire restaurant in Japan. I have three reasons. Firstly, this is because that smoke is too bad for all the people. According to the survey, breathing smoke indirectly is worse for health smoking directly. Breathing smoke of tobacco causes lung cancer. Secondly, this is because most of people who don't smoke hate smoke. It is fool thing that people who don't smoke suffer from lung cancer because of breathing smoke indirectly, so they hate smoke. I suggest one example. When you eat dinner with your boss in the restaurant and he is smoking, if you hate smoke, can you ask him not to smoke? When you're in this situation, I think the restaurant that bans from smoking is convenient. Optionally, employees who hate smoke are easy to come to work. Thirdly, it takes expense very much to install a fan that take in the smoke of tobacco in each table. If smoking is banned, the fan is needless. In conclusion, because of these reason I agree that this idea. If I say a desire, smoking should be completely banned not only at the restaurant but also at the other place we visit.


In my opinion, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. The first reason is that people should have meals at restaurants. I do not agree with smoking at restaurants. What are restaurants for? Everyone go to restaurants to eat, not to smoke. If someone wants to smoke, he or she should not go to restaurants. And smoking would weaken the sense of taste. Anyone don't want to weaken their sense of taste. The second reason is that when smoking is completely banned at restaurants the smoke may come to non smoking sheets. Smoking is completely banned at some restaurants but there are smoking sheets and non smoking sheets at most of restaurants in Japan. I think this is not good. I insist that restaurants should remove all smoking sheets. And the third reason is that smoking is harmful for everyone's health at all. Drinking alcohol has some good points but smoking does not have even one good point. Moreover, smoking is harmful for other people who don't smoke. It is important to think about other people. If smoke disappear from Japan, everyone's health could be better in Japan. Because of These three reasons, I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I can't agree with this statement. I intend to explain why I think so. First, I don't like cigarettes but I think that smokers have a right to smoke because smoking is permitted legally. If many smokers want to smoke while eating or after the meal, I think we don't have a right to ban it. Second, I think restaurants should promote to separate smoking and no smoking. There are many people who feel unpleasant to cigarettes, including me. Some of them don't eat at restaurants which don't provide not smoking seats. But if restaurants provide smoking seats and not smoking seats, they will eat there. If restaurants do it, they may make more benefit. And they cost little expense to provide their seats. Finally, if you think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, I think smoking should be banned every places except smoking areas. Otherwise we can't explain to smokers why they must not smoke at only restaurants. Smoking is difficult problems for us. I think we shouldn't consider these problems with biased views. We must solve them for both smokers and not smokers.


I take objection to this opinion. I think it is too severe for smoker. Recently smoking has been regulated almost everywhere. It's difficult to smoke easily. However, if smoking is completely banned at also restaurant, smoker will be irritated. Because they have no place to smoke, they smoke at restaurants, coffee shop and smoking room. In fact, it's true that smoking is harmful to health. But it's their own responsibility. There are surely many smokers who aren't sensible. Some people smoke even at nonsmoking area, are smoking on the street and throw away a cigarette everywhere without thinking. They should be care about people around. But not every smoker is insensible. Some smokers obey the rule. People smoke because they are under a lot of stress. There are many difficulties in today's world. But we must keep on fighting them. Cigarette is the only way to reduce stress for smoker. So if it is taken away, what should smokers do? I think that the recent regulation is overrun. I do not smoke. My friends say they don't like people smoking. I'm different from them. I don't care about smoking very much. It's not strange for adult to smoke, I think so. Today's Japan is healthy oriented. So smoking is hated more. There's the way it goes.


I agree with this statement. Because I dislike tobacco very much personally! Although my personal opinion apart, there are lots of people who are poor at the smoke of tobacco. For them, it is hard that being smoked in a side more than a smoker considers. From the beginning, there are many arguments for and against smoking. Of course, I also understand that it is difficult to forbid smoking extensively legally now and that a smoker cannot part with tobacco easily so. However, passive smokers are injured their health than active smokers because the smoke that smokers exhaled includes a lot of harm. I cannot allow this fact. So I want smokers to try keeping off smoking in public places for non smoking persons. Come to the point, restaurants are places to enjoy eating. I think that restaurants should be places which everybody can use comfortably. If someone smokes while person poor at the tobacco enjoy eating, how does he feel? Probably he will not be able to go on enjoying eating. I actually have found situations like this many times when I worked part time in Italian restaurant. The restaurant which I was working had not divided the place into smoking and non smoking sections. Therefore, there were visitors who wear the face which seems to be unpleasant by the smoke of the tobacco from the next table. I felt bad seeing cases like this. Although I understand that it is impossible to impose a duty of prohibition of smoking in all public places, I would like to define prohibition of smoking at restaurants at least so that everybody can enjoy eating pleasantly.


I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. It is painful for the people who smoke to be completely banned from smoking at all the restaurants. But, frankly speaking, I don't like cigarettes. I think that many people don't like cigarettes too. When my mother smokes, I become angry and say her to stop smoking or go away. Thus, in the restaurant, some people don't feel good, if anyone is smoking. Moreover we have meals in the restaurant. So we may feel much worse. As a personal opinion, smoking should be completely banned at not only the restaurant, but also all places. I think that smoking gives us no advantage. Instead smoking is bad for our health. Besides I learned that smoking does harm to people around a smoker than the smoker. It is really annoying for nonsmoker. Frankly speaking, I think smoking is the same as a waste of money. In addition, we often see that someone toss away a cigarette stub by the road. For the above reasons, smoking should be completely banned at all places. But, considering smoker's feeling, I want smoking to be banned at least at the all restaurants in Japan.


I don't like smoke. So I think smoking should be completely banned at the all restaurant in Japan. There are some reasons. First, people who smoke bother other people who don't smoke. For example, when I went to the restaurant with my friend, there were some people who smoked. Then, our pleasant dinner was over. We were tired of smoke. And when we got out the restaurant, our clothes smelled bad. I felt bad. Like this, smoking bother people. Second, smoking is no good for health. I hear that not smoking people's lungs are clean, but smoking people's lungs are black. Once you begin to smoke, it takes several years to return to healthy lung again. And generally speaking, people who smoke tend to become lung cancer. To make matters worse, not smoking people may become disease by passive smoking. Especially, it is not good for children's health. That is to say, smoking is bad for not only smoking people bad also not smoking people. That is why, smoking is banned at the all restaurant. Smoking people should consider people who hate smoke. I think that all people, from children to old people, enjoy dinner and talking at the restaurant.


I don't think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are two reasons why I can't agree with the ban on smoking. First, banning at all the restaurants is too excess. Now, at many public place smoking is banned, for example the station, on the street and so on. And smoking area is increasing. So someone think smoking should be banned at all the restaurants too. But restaurants is eating space, and also resting space. Smokers relax at the restaurants by smoking. We don't have the right to deprive the smokers of their right to smoke. The other reason is that it is not necessary to ban smoking at all the restaurants. Of course smoking does harm for our health, and even passive smoking also does harm to nonsmokers. So think it is better for smokers and nonsmokers to separate space in the restaurant. Then, nonsmokers can enjoy eating without worrying about passive smoking, and nonsmokers can enjoy smoking at the restaurant without about nonsmokers. In fact, many restaurants have smoking table and nonsmoking table. And I think it is good enough for smokers and nonsmokers to enjoy eating at restaurant. By these reasons, I don't think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are two reasons. First I think so that is personal reason. That is I hate smoking, tobacco's smell and that smoke. I come to feel sick just to smell the tobacco. And the restaurant is the place that to eat lunch and dinner. When I eat a meal I want to be relaxed. But there are smokers same place I can't be relaxed. There will be the person who thinks so. So I hate smoking. Second tobacco's smoke do harm to non smoker. Passive smoking is worse non smoker. And it is cause lung cancer. So People who take care of health become unhealthy because tobacco's smoke. But smokers may say that they have freedom to smoke. That is surely right. I think, however, they don't have the right that may trouble another person. And they don't have the right to hurt the health of another person. In other words they should mind another person. And I think that when smokers want to smoke at a restaurant they go to outside a restaurant and smoke there. For there reasons, I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


I agree with the opinion that smoking should be completely banned at the restaurants in Japan. There are three reasons why I agree with the ban on smoking. First, smoking does harm smoker's health. So, smokers become to dislike exercising and they are apt to be illness. For example, smoking do harm smoker's lung. And the function of lung becomes not to work normally. They sometimes die of lung cancer. Second, smoking does harm not only smokers but also non smokers. In fact, Passive smoking is sometimes more harmful than smoking. I think that it doesn't pay for non smoker. But some smokers stupidly smoke regardless of the presence of the non smokers. Now many people and pets worry about to the danger of the passive smoking. So smoking makes no benefit to all creatures! Lastly, people recently think that smoking is a kind of shameful act in formal or public place. I have even heard that smokers can't promote in a certain big corporation. In fact, non smoking areas are increasing now. For instance, there are completely non smoking areas in platforms, coffee shop and beach. In America, smoking is completely banned at almost all the restaurant. Therefore, I think that smoking should be completely banned at the restaurants in Japan. I think that it is the most important thing to feel of others for smoking.


Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I agree with this idea. There are three reasons why I can't agree with the ban on smoking. First, I don't smoke because I hate this smell. When someone smokes, I feel sick and my clothes get annoying smell. I can't bear this smell, and its state. Second, perhaps this may be a prejudice that smoking people don't have good manners because smoking seems to be bad manners in Japan. So I consider someone smokes at restaurants to be a nasty. At last, smoking does harm not only smokers' health but non smokers'. My mother would not smoke but in her office some people are heavy smoker. So she is a passive smoker. She perhaps will get a lung cancer in the future. I think that this behavior is a crime. Needless to say I strongly feel that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in Japan. However, I think that it is impossible to be banned at all restaurants in Japan. I want to insist it is the truth that someone really hates smoking like me. So I want them to think about non smokers. To keep good manners make good circumstance, I think.


I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are two reasons for my opinion. First, smoking is harmful not only for smoker's health but also non smoker's health. Many people move in the restaurants every day, of course both smokers and non smokers. It is unlucky for non smokers to absorb smoke at the restaurants. Smoking at the restaurants is inconvenient for non smokers. If staffs of the restaurants and smokers recognize that smoking at the restaurants is harmful for non smokers, smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country. Second, smoking could ruin smokers' sense of taste. Smokers move in the restaurants to eat delicious food, but they can't eat them in the best condition. Cooks must want their customers to have their works in the best condition, but they can't. If cooks really want their customers to have their works delicious, smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country. I don't like tobacco very much. For non smokers, smokers and cooks I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smoking cannot help anyone, I think. The all restaurants should be the place where everyone enjoys eating delicious food, I think.


I agree with the statement that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I think smoking should be strictly controlled by the law. I have some friends who smoke and my father smokes, too. I don't like the smell of tobacco. I think there are a lot of people who dislike the smell likely to me. Generally speaking, tobacco do people harm and give no benefit. Smoking increase risk of disease, lung cancer and those who are smoking is likely to die more early than people who aren't. But even if we don't smoke, we actually suffer from harm by smoke from the smoking people. At restaurants, many people including children and old people have lunch or dinner. So if there are people of smoking at restaurants, they do children and old people harm before notice it. This is very bad thing for children to grow. You may think there are two kinds of seat at restaurant, smoking seat and nonsmoking seat, but we can't say we are completely protected from the smoke. Unfortunately, sometimes the nonsmoking seats are filled and we have to sit at the smoking seat. So I agree with that statement. If smoking is completely banned at all the restaurants, less and less people may be smoking and I wish it would be true.


I agreed that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Ｔhe risks of passive smoking are pointed out in recent years. Most of people know smoking cause lung cancer. So, smokers do while knowing it. But, in fact, the risk of lung cancer of passive smoking is higher than that of smoking, because the smoke which appears from a cigarette includes more toxic substance than the smoke which the smoker breathes. This is serious for a pregnant woman. Though the pregnant woman does not smoke, a disease and an obstacle occur to the child who has been produced by passive smoking, and, in the case of the worst, miscarriage and to have a baby born dead occur. Recently, some shops, restaurants and public accommodations decide to separate smokers and nonsmokers in the same room. And at the station, a specific smoking place is made. But these are incomplete separations. Smoke of a cigarette comes to a non smoking section by wind and when nonsmokers go along the neighborhood, they breathe the smoke of the cigarette. I think if the risk of passive smoking occurs a little, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


I think smoking should be banned at all restaurants in Japan. Smoking has good points and also bad points. Of course, you can get a pleasure, and have a relax when you smoke. I don't know how I feel when I smoke, because I don't smoke. However, at the same time, you get harm your lung and people next to you. When a non smoker breath smoke, he get harm more seriously than smoker breath smoke. You damage other people unconsciously. If you are in your house, you can smoke without any anxiety. But if you are in a restaurant, you should not have a smoke because there are many people around you. Someone may say it is a pity for smokers that smoking is banned at all restaurants in Japan. Of course, today, smoking is banned at many places. For example, you must not smoke at many stations, department stores, buildings. If all restaurants become banned places for smoking, smokers can't get a pleasure by smoking in Japan. However, you should not harm other people by smoking. If someone dead because you smoke, how you take the responsibility of his death? Therefore smokers should go out from a restaurant if you want to smoke, or find other ways how get a pleasure.


I agree with the idea that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. This is because smoking is bad for health. We hear too smoking causes cancer. We often see people eat smoking in restaurants. Restaurants should be comfortable space for us to enjoy eating delicious foods and talking with companions. Even if one person smokes in the restaurants, all the air in the room is polluted by smoke. No one should wish this situation. The idea that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants is not only for people who don't smoke but people who often smoke. People who smoke often contain people who want stop smoking but can't stop smoking. In order to decrease the number of the people who smoke often, I think we should decrease the place that gives the chance of smoking. By reducing the time when people can smoke, people who want to stop smoking but can't stop smoking get to have the confidence that they can lead their life without smoking. There are many people who often smoke at home or outside, but the number of the people who smoke includes the number of the people who afraid of stopping smoking. We should help such people by supporting them and making the surroundings that people can get to stop smoking easily.


I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. When I say more, walk smoking should be banned everywhere. There are some reasons for my opinion. First, smoking harms not only smoker's health but also non smoker's health. I have heard secondhand smoking is worse than smoking. In other words, it is to say that the person who does not smoke is easy to suffer from cancer. Why non smokers are harmed by smoker? If smoker want to smoke anyway, smoker should smoke alone. I don't think smoker trouble non smoker. Second, there are people who don't like smoking smell. Cigarettes smell unique. So, there are people who are made feeling bad. Third, I think the quantity that smoker smokes will decrease by enduring to smoke after meal. A smoking rate is 50 percent at present in Japan, and smokers are pointed the badness of their manner. For example, there are walk smoking and littering cigarette. These destroy environmental. If the quantity that smoker smokes decrease and number of smoker, the quantity that walk smoker and littered cigarettes may decrease. Problem of prohibition of smoking is difficult to solve. But this problem should be solved little by little for people and environmental.


I don't think that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in Japan. I have two reasons why I think so. First, a lot of people hate to smoke or its smell. Especially in a restaurant, people have a meal. So smoking will disturb other people's meal. However smoking will disturb a lot of people's meal, I don't think that smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in Japan. The problem can solve easily. To make a space which is separated perfectly other space for non smoker. Thanks to this space, non smoker will have a meal with good mood. Second, smoking is very bad for his health. His lung becomes black by cigarette's tar. But, smoking is not only bad points. For example smoking is good when I have nothing to do, I smoke and spent time with good mood. Moreover, when I am nervous, smoking will cool down me. Today, campaign against smoking is expanding gradually in Japan. But I can often see smoker's bad manner about smoking. For example, throw a cigarette butt out on the street, smoking in non smoking area, and so on. Smoker should have a good manner about smoking, and get along with non smoker. So, smoking should not be completely banned.


I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I hate smell and smoke of tobacco. I think almost people who don't smoke feel it too. So there will be many problems about smoking in the restaurants. First, smoke dirty wallpaper, curtain, and so on in the restaurants. Second, there are possibilities to occur a fire, and children may get burned by their tobacco. Third, because there are people who hate smoking, the restaurants have to separate smoking seats and nonsmoking seats. But because the number of smoking people is smaller than that of people who don't smoke, people who don't smoke can sit down on the smoking seats. It is unfavorable situation. The other reason why I think so is that smoking is bad for the health. For example, smoking lead to cancer. It affects not only themselves, but also people who are around them. I think that it may be impossible to ban smoking at all place in Japan. But the restaurants are the eating place. The smell of tobacco ruins the smell of dishes. And if all the restaurants ban smoking, perhaps the number of smoker in Japan may decrease. I wish everyone all over the world stops smoking.


I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Now I will show some reasons. Firstly smoking does harm to people. So if you continue to smoke, it will be all the cost of your health. And even people who don't smoke are harmed by smoking. For example, smoking may cause lung cancer, respiratory diseases, arteriosclerosis, and so on. And there are many families at restaurants. Because smoking can harm to children, all the more smoking should be banned at restaurants. Secondly if you smoke at restaurants, people around you cannot eat foods deliciously. This is because smoke can damage taste of foods. For example, you cannot smoke at Starbucks at all. Starbucks take care of flavor of coffee. It is important to keep taste of foods and drink. Finally smoking is banned at all the restaurants in some countries. For example, the US, the UK, Italy, Australia, Canada and so on. In these countries, if you smoked at restaurants, you are punished for smoking. And other countries are also going forward with banning smoking at restaurants. Like this, there is tendency which smoking should be banned at restaurants in the world. So Japan also should ban smoking at restaurants.


I disagree with a opinion that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. To be sure it is said that smoking represents a hundred evils and not a single good. In fact everyone understands a weak point of smoking. For example, people who smoke are missing their appetite. Of course littering of a cigarette is out of the question. To make matters worse, the smoke from people's who smoke cigarette make non smokers feel bad. But even considering their weak points of a cigarette it is too disadvantageous that smoking is completely banned at all the restaurants. I think that sales at the restaurant decrease if all the restaurants in Jaqpan completely bans smoking. There are some reasons. First, I think that people who want to smoke after the meal don't want to go to eat to restaurants which smoking are banned. Second, the seat at a restaurant is filled to capacity for the most part when we go to a restaurant to prepare for a test in the evening. I think that it is necessary to make a firm barrier between smoking place and non smoking place in order to come true to set up smoking places at restaurants. This is why smoking shouldn't be banned at all the restaurants in the country.


I disagree with the statement smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. This is the only an opinion for people who don't smoke. For people who smoke, smoking is kind of their lifework. Smoker can't live without smoking. Even in restaurants, smoker needs to smoke after all the food came out. For example, in a bar we usually stay even though we finish eating. Smokers can't relax without smoking. I think bar is a place we can relax and free to talk. Wouldn't this statement wrong from the definition of bar? In the first place, why we have to ban smoking? Because we can't eat delicious food with smoke? I know smoking is not healthy for not only smokers but also people next to the smokers. Of course it is bad to involve other people, especially to the non smokers. So what I suggest is to separate the room for smoking and non smoking completely. We can see this system in most of the family restaurants in Japan today already. I think this work very well and both smokers and non smokers are satisfied. However, in one place I wanted to be banned smoking. It is cafe! Cafe is a place where we enjoy both taste and smell. I think this is the only exception!


I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, too. At a restaurant if when people who dislike mystify or smell of tobacco come, people around them begin to smoke, they probably feel unpleasant. This spoils their hope to eat delicious dish. And people who don't feel unpleasant even if someone is smoking near them when they are eating are few. Rather usually most of people hate it. As many people know, indeed mystify of tobacco influence people who smoke than people who influenced by second smoking. This is very troublesome problem for people who care a lot about their health and keep off alcohols, tobaccos and so on. There is a people smoke tobacco more than one case a day that is what is called heavy smoker. Recently smoke ward and city forbid people to walk in the town when they are smoking by ordinance. And so in addition to this if all restaurants forbid people to smoke, smokers may be sorry. But it is clear that to smoke tobacco is not good for smokers and people around smokers, too. And by this chance, I hope smokers will decrease the number of tobacco they smoke a day, keep off smoking at the table and think about their health.


I don't agree with the suggestion. If smoking is completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, some people don't be satisfied. My father likes to smoke. So he wants to sit down a seat that people can smoke in restaurants. One day our family planed to eat out near the restaurant. However, we couldn't take a meal because smoking is banned in there. Provided that the member of a family smokes well, they will look for the place where people smoke freely. It is the same things in restaurant. But many people don't like a tobacco and people to smoke in recently society. The area that people don't smoke in is important because the smoke of a cigarette is worse for our health. Yet it is overdoing that smoking is completely banned at all the restaurants. The men who run the restaurants should think another way that smoking and no smoking people can go there at the same time. For example, they make a wall between smoking area and no smoking area or buy garbage for ash of the cigarette to absorb the smoke of it. I think it isn't only satisfied way for everyone that smoking is completely banned. So I object that opinion.


I agree with banning smoking at the restaurant in Japan completely. The most important reason, as you know, is that smoking is bad for health. Addition to the main cause of lung cancer, it causes other else kinds of cancer and lung and heart attacks. It is recently said that smoking might influence to baby's sudden death. A smoker at the restaurant, where various people including babies are, can be called as a murderer. Secondly there are people who feel bad when they smell tobacco's smoke. I work as a part timer at the Udon shop where isn't banned smoking. Some of customers smoke. Other customers often ask to me that they want to get the table as possible as away from smokers. And I myself also feel bad, cannot stop cough and disappear appetite. How to feel the smoke is different each other. I think shops must think of a person feel worst. When it comes to discuss about smoking, somebody absolutely says that people who smoke also have free of smoking. I think this is very fool. Do you have free of killing other people? Do you have free of infecting other people? Almost all human beings will answer NO. But to claim free of smoking is to answer YES to these questions. If owners of restaurant have common sense they must bun smoking completely.


I agree with this opinion. There is one reason. We should think that restaurants are the place where we eat foods with our family or friends talking with pleasantly over once more. Also all of us should want to eat foods which are delicious. But we can't eat the foods by allowing smokers to smoke in restaurants. For example, when I eat the foods with my family pleasantly and the smoke comes, I won't eat pleasantly by the delicious smell was drowned out by the smell of smoke. Actually I experienced the situation like this. When I entered one restaurant with my family, there were only seats in the smoking section. We were forced to sit down seats in the smoking section because there were few times when we looked for another restaurant. Foods had brought. Then the guests who sat around us hadn't smoked yet. When a few minutes had passed, some of them started to smoke. Just then, I smelled the disagreeable odor of the smoke in spite of that I ate delicious foods. And my parents felt loathing for the odor. After that we couldn't eat pleasantly and with good taste. I think there are lots people who have ever experienced like this. In conclusion, I think as long as restaurants are the place where we eat foods pleasantly with good taste, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


I agree with this opinion. At first, smoking is harmful for people. Passive smoking is more harmful than active smoking. So smokers bother many non smokers. Secondly, the smell of tobacco is very strong. And once clothes absorb the smell, it is difficult to remove the smell. It is an offensive smell for non smokers. When I went a restaurant and sat down smoking seats, my clothes absorb the smell in spite of nobody smoking. The other day, I had another terrible experience. I sat down no smoking seats, but smoke came from smoking seats. And I felt very bad. Smoke spoiled dishes and clothes. I went back home and wash my clothes immediately. It was very unfortunate day. Regardless of the separation of smoking seats and no smoking seats, smoke bothers people. So I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants. There is no merit of smoking. Smoke spoils tastes of foods. Cook don't want this result. In order to enjoy meals, smoking should be banned. I don't understand significance of smoking. Do smokers smoke for relaxation? It is better to find an alternative way of relaxation. Nobody benefits from smoking. Smoking should be banned at not only restaurant but also all public space in Japan.


I don't think so. There are many smokers in Japan. They smoke to relieve stresses and people go to restaurant to eat meal and to relax. In fact, when I go to a cafe, there are often some office workers resting and smoking. If smoking is completely banned at all the restaurants, they can't relieve stresses there, and in addition, they may feel unsatisfied. It is nonsense. There are smoking seats and nonsmoking seats in most restaurants to let nonsmokers and smokers more comfortable. In that case, restaurants should keep the air completely clean for fear of not being complained about smoke by nonsmokers. If smoking is banned at all the restaurants for the purpose of making smokers stop smoking, it seems to be better to ban selling cigarette. There will be little change even if smoking is banned only at the restaurant. Exactly, people may be able to eat meal deliciously by doing that. But smokers go to other place to smoke. For example, they smoke on the street, and people have a trouble of their throwing away cigarette butts. Such a thing will repeat. I think that the most important thing is decreasing the number of smokers gradually rather than keeping out them from restaurants.


I don't think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Now, in Japan, 26. 8 percent (man: 41. 3 percent, woman: 12. 4 percent) people are smoking. In economical side, if these people do not enter restaurants, restaurants would have a big loss Some people say that if they do not ban smoking in restaurants, non smokers wouldn't enter restaurants. But restaurants have already restricted smoking. They set up seats for smokers. All restaurants do not set up it, but almost major restaurants set up it. In addition, they set time, when people can smoke or not. For example, in lunch time (11:00~14:00) all seats (include smoking seats) are banned smoking. Restaurants concerned guests. Thus, restaurant's attitude is not to ban smoking. As long as someone legislates that smoking is completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, restaurants will not ban smoking in restaurants. Restaurants choose profits. Restaurants provide a lot of comfy equipments for smokers and non smokers. I think just a few cheap judgment non smoking people yell "smoking is too bad! So smoking and smokers should be exterminated!!" So I think they can't completely ban smoking in restaurants in Japan in economical viewpoint and they don't have to ban smoking by force. Because there are demands.


I am agreeable in this opinion. I think that I should prohibit not only the restaurant but also the smoking at all public places. The smoking hurts not only the health of the person himself sucking in but also the health of neighboring people because there are two kinds of active smoking and the passive smoking for smoking. Needless to say, the active smoking means that someone smokes. The passive smoking means that I breathe smoke appearing from a cigarette. If there is a person sucking in near in spite of not wanting to smoke, someone will do passive smoking. In brief, many people are made to do the smoking that they do not hope by active smoking people. In a more terrible thing, passive smoking is worse in health than active smoking. A passive smoking people are unpleasant and are bad in health, and there is not a good thing at all. Therefore the active voice smoking people should think about surroundings and smoke in one's house or the smoking space. I sit in the non smoking seat by all means at the restaurant because I was not able to eat food deliciously owing to the smoke near person who smoked. However, smoke comes to the place that is near to the smoking seat in the non smoking seat, and it is often that there is no non smoking seat when it is crowded. So I agree this opinion.


I think it's a bad way. There are two reasons why I disagree with this opinion. First, smoking is a right culture. There are many many people who love smoking and cannot do without smoking. A famous philosopher is said that he must have not been able to make his great theory without smoking. Like this, smoking is a part of their life. I haven't ever taken smoke, but I wonder the feeling of a heavy smoker having meal without smoking is as sad as the feeling of us eating Soba without chopsticks. Like the people who can't enjoy eating with smoke, there are the people who can't enjoy eating without smoke. This is a just difference of cultures. So we can't judge which one is right. And restaurants are not places only to have meal but also to have fun. So this opinion is completely ignore smokers, a large part of citizens. Second, we can choose which restaurant to go. If you hate smoke, you should go to it that doesn't arrow to smoke. We can avoid them easily unlike walking smokers. And if we think of smoker's and the people's around smokers health, we should take other ways for example increasing the tax of tobaccos or encouraging the restaurants which have only no smoking seats. To enjoy with all of us, we must give smokers the room to eat with smoking.


I agree with this statement. One of the reasons is that many people tend to feel uncomfortable when they eat dinner with smokers. In fact, some of restaurants in Japan make areas that people can smoke, but that is not useful. For example, when my mother and I went to such restaurant, we wanted to eat dinner in the nonsmoking area but we can't because that area was filled. We ate in the smoking area, but we felt so bad that we couldn't eat dinner very much. Finally, we went out the restaurant. The other day we went to another restaurant, we could eat dinner in the nonsmoking area, but because of smoke from the smoking area we can't also enjoy dinner. Another reason is that smoking in the places where many people use such as the restaurant is very dangerous. Sometimes only a cigarette could cause a big fire. Everyday many people eat dinner in the restaurant. Not only adults but also children come into the restaurant. If cigarette that man is smoking touch children, children will burn themselves. Moreover, smoking is bad for not only smoker's health but also the health of other people around the smoker. If we eat dinner with smokers, in spite of nonsmokers we may suffer from a serious disease that is caused by smoking. So, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


I disagree with the opinion. It is sure that smoke bothers those who don't like it, but you should not only support abstainers from tobacco but also stand by smokers. I think that all the restaurants should have two areas; one is the smoking area and the other is the no smoking area. Smoking and the smoke are thought to be harmful to you. And also actually the smoke of others is smoky and smelly to you if you aren't smoker. So you may say that if you are allowed to smoke in the restaurants, they have many demerits and don't have any merits. I don't, however, think so. If the restaurants completely ban smoking, they would get abstainers' satisfaction, but wouldn't get smokers' satisfaction and some of them would decide not to go to the restaurants. As a result, the restaurants would share only abstainers. In short, the pie would get small. To avoid such tragedy, the restaurants should allow smokers to smoke. If, however, they do so, abstainers would get angry instead of smokers. Then, what do the restaurants should do to gratify both of them? I have an opinion. The restaurant should make the smoker sit another to the abstainer on the area. It only has to prevent the originated smoke from reaching the no smoking seat from the smoking seat. If the group that consists of the smoker and the abstainer comes to the restaurant, they only have to decide on which seat they sit for the restaurant. Therefore, I am opposite to the opinion, and I think that the restaurant should have the smoking seat and the no smoking seat.


We have got to know about harms of smoking recently, because many media report it. According to them, there are various harms. For example, smoking is incriminated as the major cause of lung cancer. Another example, when the woman during pregnancy smokes, the embryo receives a bad manner. And, in addition, smoking decreases in moving ability and the skin grows old. Smoking after one agrees to these harms is individual freedom and we don't have any right to get them to quit smoking. But in places that an unspecified number of people gather in such as restaurant, it is necessary to prohibit smoking. Because, as we have already know, those who breathe the smoke that rises up from the top of cigarette suffer more serious harm than those who smoke actually. It is what is called passive smoking. If people smoke and injure their health, they have no one but themselves to blame, but it is ridiculous of people who don't actually to receive the harms. And restaurant is the place to enjoy dishes. So it is problem that the good smell of dishes which chefs made with their whole heart is deaden by the smoke of cigarette. It is bad manner to chefs and dishes. In brief, by prohibiting smoking, more people are able to have a good time in restaurant. This is why smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants.


I have not seen the restaurants which is completely banned from smoking. This is because at everything completely banning is very difficult. Everyone have the right of freedom, so they can do what they think right only when it is not troubling to others. But, smoking makes others smoke indirectly and does big harm. As you know, smoking causes man to get cancer. If the number of smokers is smaller, the fewer people will be died by cancer. In restaurants, many people would not want to smoking indirectly. By the way, tobacco have a lot of problems. First, smoking causes man to get cancer as I said. Second, throwing tobacco away. Nowadays, trash problem have become biger and biger. When I walk along the street I often see many tobaccos on the road. These tobaccos make the view of town bad and lead fire. Third, walking with smoking. Smoker have the fire. It is very dangerous for other walkers. These problems are my opinions, so there are more problems. If government impose some severe punishment on smokers, the number of smokers would be smaller. I think this is the best idea for small the number of smokers, but this is very difficult to cary out. So I agree to the idea of reduce smoking lounge suchi as restaurants, school and park.


I agree with a ban on smoking in Japanese restaurants. A lot of people dislike smell and smoke of cigarette. Some of them become unwell. They don't want to meet come across a smoker especially when they are eating. Account of smoking, a good taste of dishes goes bad. In restaurants, they can't change a place where they are seating. Since there are people who don't trying to think of surrounding customers' trouble, the restaurants themselves should say that we don't allow smoking to make a comfortable place for everyone. A non  smoking seat or smoking seat has no mean because there is no wall between them. If two seats are not divided, smoke will spread over the restaurants. Smoking also has a big problem in our health. It causes some kinds of cancers. It is well known that passive smoking does more harm than direct smoking. May smokers give a hazard to not only themselves but also others? None of people feels good by knowing that harmful substances are floating around. This matter ought to be considered. So the place gathering people like restaurants has to be made a rule about smoking, which is decided not for smokers but for non smokers.


I agree with this opinion. In a restaurant, those who smoke bother a lot of people very much. A certain happening made me realize it when I was working part time as a clerk in the restaurant. It is the following. One day, a family that includes a baby was eating. However, a man sitting next to them started to smoke. Then, the baby began to cry very loudly. By the way, smoking in a restaurant is a nuisance from the view of hygiene. When I am working part time as a clerk in the restaurant, I often see that cigarette ash come out from an ashtray and is scattered on the table. Especially in summer, more cigarette ash is scattered by the wind from an air conditioner. Cigarette ash is more likely to get in the dishes. In the first place, the cheapness of a cigarette in Japan causes the number of smokers in the restaurant to increase. By making the price of a cigarette very high, foreign countries are making an effort to decrease smokers. Japan should also make an effort to do so. Japan introduced the taspo system, but it do not mean to decrease smokers. Decreasing all smokers leads smokers in a restaurant to decrease.


Smoking and breathing the smoke are bad for our health. When someone smokes, people around him breathe the smoke. If it occurred at the restaurant, the smoke would prevent them from enjoying meal because they don't feel the smell and the taste very well. Moreover, they may feel uncomfortable. In case of me, I hate tobacco and the smoke. When my parents smoke during my meal, I feel uncomfortable. I get them not to smoke while I eat meal. At the restaurant, I make it a rule to choice the no smoking area. However, when no smoking area is full, I sit the smoking area unwillingly. Then I can't enjoy meal. I go to the restaurant to enjoy meal. I want to eat at home rather than eating meal at the smoking area. The smoke not only prevent enjoying meal but also is bad for our health. Smoking people don't have a right to prevent enjoying meal and influence the other people's health. They should consider the environment and people around them. If they did so, they would realize that they should not smoke at the restaurant. If the restaurant banned smoking, people who are like me enjoy meal. So, smoking should be banned at the restaurant.


It is well known that smoking doesn't only cause to increase smoker's probability of getting sick but also their surrounding people. Now once sitting at table, we won't leave until finishing meal. In other words, with smokers at restaurants we breathe some smoke all the eating time and take not clean dishes covered with smoke. Smoking allowed at the restaurants forces us to eat dishes polluted with smoke; besides it's about over an hour until our ending to clean on the table in front of. There is a similar situation around us which is as follows: noises on the train, that is to say too high volume music dropped from the earphones. Naturally, on the train people have right to behave freely at some agree. However, do the listeners at too loud volume interfere with other's right as a passenger? Of course, we say no. Equally, it mustn't be allowed that smokers at the restaurants interfere in our enjoying meals. Moreover, there are a plenty of families having at the restaurants. Smoke is especially harmful to children. For our children's good health, which in turn for society in the future, smoking at all the public places should be banned soon as possible.


I go to *** University by train everyday. Every time I ride in the do or in the front of a smoking are at Shinimamiya station which is on my way to the school. When the train arrives there, businessmen with smoke ride on it. They can extinguish their cigarette but cannot remove their smoke. The smoke is bad smell and does harm to people near the smoker. So, I don't like cigarettes and smokers. Most people dislike the smell. The smoke left the smell with clothes, hair and rooms, and have a big bad influence on not only adults but children. The Star backs Coffee bans smoking because the customers can't enjoy the scent of coffee with smoke. This instance can be applied to the restaurant. We go to a restaurant to eat delicious dishes. So, restaurants prohibit smokers from smoking. If a restaurant makes nonsmoking and smoking seats, a group may have to separate into two groups. It costs to design the inside of restaurants and attach exhaust system to there for making nonsmoking area. Therefore the restaurant completely banned smoking. Some of the many smokers want to quit smoking but can't stop because they are addicted. This prohibition may be good opportunity.


Smoking is very bad for health. In America and many other countries, many people are getting sick or have died for smoking diseases. It is because nicotine, which is included in a cigarette, causes lung cancer. When people smoke, they get nicotine with their breath and it collects at their lung. After many years go through, nicotine which costed for many years causes lung cancer. Thus, smoking is very bad for health. In addition to it, smoking is very dangerous not only for smoking people but also for non smoking people. If people smoke, smokes which contain nicotine are produced and are widespread in the air. And by breathing it, people around the smoker get nicotine. Some people say that since the smoke which is widespread in the air contains more nicotine than the nicotine smoker directly gets, people around the smokers may have higher risks to get a lung cancer than smokers themselves have. So smoking is very dangerous not only for smokers but also for non smokers and this is why I disagree with this statement. Because people have a right to smoke and not a few people want to smoke even if there are risks like a lung cancer, I don't forbid smoking. However, non smokers also have a right to lead a healthy life. So people may smoke at the private place, but they shouldn't be allowed to smoke at the public place.


I disagree with this statement. At present, people who are alive longer than 20 years are not forbidden smoking by the law in Japan. So they all have the right to enjoy smoking at will. And of course they also have the right of using the restaurants. If smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants, they cannot genuinely enjoy their own relaxed time   eating, drinking, chatting, and more. Recently the risk of 'passive smoking' has often come up as a topic that citizens have been interested in. It is surely the important problem for all of the people, especially they who do not smoke or dislike smoking may think about it seriously. But many restaurants already take the provision against this problem: setting up the smoking seat and the non smoking seat. Setting up both of seats and choosing seat sitting, people either who smoke or do not smoke can spend comfortable time at a restaurant. This provision seems enough to enable all of them to enjoy eating. Banning smoking completely may be too hard for people who like smoking and deprive them of their pleasant. Smoking people should enjoy smoking with a manner toward other non smoking people.


I disagree this statement that smoking is banned at all the restaurants. I have two reasons for this. First, restaurants are where people have dishes with relaxing. All people have right to enjoy eating. Of course, smokers aren't exception. They deserve to smoke after eating. Nobody can disturb their leisure. Indeed, smoking harms human's health. For example, smoking causes lumber cancer, pulmonary emphysema etc. That's not all. Tobacco's smoke is poisonous for surrounding people who don't smoke. The room's air is becoming dirty and stink. But these problems are solved if seats are separated for smokers and non smokers. Smokers understand smoking's damage and select smoking. Non smokers need not get secondhand smoking. That is, not at all the restaurants but at part of the restaurants, smoking should be banned. And second, if smoking is completely banned at all the restaurants, the number which smokers go to restaurants will be decreasing. That's because they will come to eat where they can smoke, for example, at home or at office. Reduction of customers has a malign influence upon profit of restaurants. Since the food service industry support Japanese economy, Japanese economy will be dealt a heavy blow to and may fall into disorder. In a word, the policy isn't good. Arguments for and against smoking should be decided by each people. Tobaccos are taste for some people. It shouldn't be banned unnecessarily. That's why I don't support the statement.


In Japan, smoking should be prohibited at the whole restaurant. Because the smoke makes many people feel very uncomfortable. It smells bad. Besides, non smoking people, especially the children, breathe the smoke. The smoke has very bad effect for their health, and fewer than 20 children are banned smoking by law. It does harm for children's growth. Though they received such infection for only eating at the restaurant. It is foolish. Of course, there are many restaurant that separate non smoking seats from smoking seats. But the smoke moves in the room. Although it is better that sitting on non smoking seats than on smoking seats, sitting on non smoking seats doesn't mean it is divided from the smoke. Smoking itself is not wrong but bothering other people is really wrong. In public spaces like the restaurants should establish smoking space which separated completely from non smoking spaces for instance out of the restaurant. In these spaces, smokers are allowed to smoke. To do this, most smokers go out of the restaurant to smoke. It is sure that eating at non smoking restaurant is very comfortable for non smoker. Certainly many people hope so. For all the people's safe and comfort, at the restaurant the smoking should be banned completely.


It is often said that smoking is not good for your health. Do you agree or disagree with this? Indeed, smoking causes many kinds of diseases, such as lung cancer and heart disease. Because of tobacco related illness, around 5 million people die each year. Judging from this, we can say tobacco is very dangerous for our health. Moreover tobacco is harmful not only for the very person smoking cigarettes but also for those who are around there. So these days, a lot of countries are beginning to prohibit smoking. Similarly in Japan, elementary school and junior high school began to ban smoking in their ground, and most of the public places don't allow people to smoke. But not all the restaurants in the country, where plenty of customers visit every day, ban smoking. It is not reasonable that smoking is not banned at all the restaurants. Restaurants are the places where various kinds of people gather, of course including those who don't smoke. So it is natural to consider if you smoke a cigarette at the restaurant, it troubles no smokers around you. In the first place, a restaurant is a place where people enjoy meal, not in the least people feel displeasure. We cannot find any advantages to allow people to smoke cigarettes at the restaurants. In conclusion, smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country.


I really dislike smoking. It is because not only it smells terribly bad but also it is bad for our health. I cannot understand the people who smoke though they have already known the fact that smoking does harm to our body. I also cannot see the reason why some people smoke while they are eating. When I eat out, I make it a rule to choose a'non smoking seat'as I can. This is because I feel that smoke of cigarette makes dishes not delicious. With the bad smell, I cannot enjoy their real tastes, and moreover, it sometimes causes me a headache. Eating is one of my happiest things, so I don't want to be interrupted by anyone like this. However, even if I eat something in a non smoking section in a restaurant, I sometimes smell smoking from a seat in a smoking section. It maybe causes because the air in the restaurant stays still and the fresh air cannot come into the room. It is the restaurant that is to blame for this situation. So if they cannot deal with this problem, they should completely ban smoking at all the restaurant. I couldn't agree more with it. What is more, I hope that smoking is banned all the restaurants in the world, not only in Japan.


We should permit smokers to smoke at the restaurants. There are three reasons. First, as you know well, it is true that cigarettes do harm to not only smokers but also people around him, but we can prevent that damage. For instance, by setting air conditioning units, many people wouldn't be unpleasant even when there are smokers at the same restaurants. Or, for another, by deciding time or space to ban smoke, the restaurants would be comfortable place for all people. In addition, the manager of the restaurant will get much money than prohibiting smokers from entering their shops because they have larger customers, both smokers and non smokers. Second, as there are stormy discussions about the tax of cigarettes, the government can get much more money for public welfare from smokers. However, the government couldn't do if smokers are not allowed to smoke at all restaurants. Now the economical situation of Japan is very danger, so we should accept their smoking at the restaurants. The tax of cigarettes will help condition of Japan with solving the problem of the pension coming from the aging society. Third, smokers have the right to have relaxing time as well as non smokers. It is hard for them to find the good place for smoking because many rules that restrain them from smoking are passed one after another. It is cigarettes that smokers can breath a sigh of relief with. We should consider hard condition of them in this society filled with stresses. For the three reasons, we should admire their smoking to make the society comfortable for both smokers and non smokers.


Today, a lot of developed countries have started to ban customer from smoking at Restaurants. The countrys' governments have ensured their citzens' right to be free from other's smoke. So why they could do it? One of the reasons is that nonsmoker's insistence we have the right to be free from other's smoke is so strong. They have said It is wrong that we, nonsmokers, havedamaged from passive smoking. But in japan, there are more smokers than that of other developed countrys. So first, the governments or city administrations should enforce the low of prohibitting smoking at all restaurants to save nonsmokers from passive smoke. These days, I often have heard that more and more minor have started to smoke in Japan. That is one of social problems. Some of these children have seen a lot of smoking thing. Say in other words, smoking is so natural thing for them in their life. But in Japan, minors'smoking is not allowed. To reduce children's smoking, to begin with saving them from the surroundings that lots of adults have smoked. If the low of prohibitting smoking at all restaurants is ensured, many children are free from the surroundings at least in restaurant. a lot of children often use restaurants. So that is very effective to save them.


I agree this statement. I have three reasons. First, Cigarette is a kind of drug for smoker. It includes Nicotine and this has poison. If you smoke 40, 50 cigarettes every day for 20, 30 years, you will probably become diseases of lung. So not smoker should not smoke and smoker should stop smoking as early as they can. In this point of view, this opinion will be useful for smoker to start to stop smoking and to send a healthy life. Second, Smoking is not healthy for surrounding person too. This is because the smoke which smoker blow out has strong poison. A restaurant is the place where a lot of people are, and some smoker comes there with his family. So smokers should not smoke there for the others and their family in order not to bless the smoke. Certainly, there is an argument that separating smoker and not smoker solves this problem, but it is almost impossible to separate them completely. People who are around border can be made to keep blessing the smoke. Finally, because recently people who understand an effect of cigarette and stop smoking are increasing, this idea is not ideal. It may be achieved sooner than you expect.


Smoking makes many people unpleasant in a restaurant. Because of smokers, some people do not enjoy having dishes. At the most of the restaurants, efforts to protect customers for smoke are not enough and even if the efforts would be great, we could not completely extinguish smoke. Though smokers may insist that they should have a right to smoke freely, the right must be restricted for a lot of people. And restaurants are not the place to smoke, but to enjoy having a meal. Managers need to realize a restaurant that all people can enjoy a meal. That smoking is completely banned at all the restaurants in the country has another good respect. To prohibit people from smoking leads to decrease chances to smoke. Of course, in a bus, train, taxi, smoking is banned. Like restaurants, as the number of places not to smoke is larger and larger, the number of people who smoke is smaller and smaller. It is very good for smokers to give up smoking. It is so bad for our body to smoke. For instance, our brain does not work well, our bone become weak, and smokers will die earlier than people who do not smoke. This is because to forbid smoking is a great means for both smokers and non smokers.


Every one knows that smoking is bad for our healthy. A nonsmoker smokes indirectly if people surround him smoke in a small place as a restaurant. It is a short time in the passive smoking time for a person comes to the restaurant as a visitor, but the waiters of the restaurant must come to work in the smoke of the cigarette all day. The prohibition of smoking in the restaurant should be carried out to follow their health. Many people think that taste, an appearance and a smell are important for the best cooking. When I smell the cigarette, I have a headache. The smell of the cigarette is never comfortable for nonsmokers. Some people feel dishes bad if the smell of the cigarette drifts in a restaurant. It may decline to reputation of the restaurant. If it is a high quality restaurant, most of customers do a dress up and go to a meal. We cannot wash the expensive clothes in our houses, so we sent the clothes to the laundry. They must bring the smell of cigarettes and feel unpleasant even after leaving the restaurant. These problems are to be settled if a smoker endures smoking a cigarette for dozens of minutes. t is happy that the prohibition of smoking at the restaurant advances.


I agree with the statement. I simply hate a smoking person. If he smoke outside, I would permit him. however, in the restaurants we can't escape from the smoke, and are going to be forced to do. It is uncomfortable to eat a meal being troubled at harmful matters, nicotine, and so on. We must consider other people especially at the public places. Smoking should be banned so that everyone in the restaurant can enjoy his or her meal. Some restaurants have places for smoking, but they are not so useful because smoke can move freely according to the flow of air. Of cource, I might be too nervous, but anyway, when someone wants to smoke, he should select a place not to bother people around him and harm their health. Though most of us know that smoking is harmful not only for the smoking person, but also people around him, there are many people who can't stop smoking. It is free to smoke however often and much. That is his business. He has the right even to become sick, but does not have the right to make people sick. Every time I see smoking person, I feel bad and wish there were no tabacco. Now we have many information, so we ought to use them effectively and be more careful about our health.


I agree with an opinion that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country. Because restaurants are originally places where we eat some food, but do not smoke. If someone smokes by us when we eat some delicious food, we will be made feel so bad by the smoke. I think the smoke spoil some delicious food. And I think some people who visit the restaurants to eat some food may become ill if someone smokes. Someone who does not smoke is more damaged than someone who smokes, so I think it is unreasonable that some people who pay some money to eat delicious food are damaged by the smoke which is discharged by smokers. After all smoking is forgiven if someone smoke alone putting some distance from other distance, but it is not forgiven when someone smoke in the public places such as restaurants, because it trouble other people and give them the damage. I think that another problem related to smoking is a cigarette end. If someone smokes in the restaurant, the clerks must handle it and it is very dirty. I think it is fatal for all the restaurants. So I agree with the statement that smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country.


I agree with that statement. First, smoking has bad effect on our bodies. Once we smoke, it makes hard dependence. And they say smoking causes many cancers or any other sickness. It is said that smoking is dangerous for not only smoker but also no smoker. Some people say smoking is more dangerous for no smoker being near smoker rather than smoker. Second, restaurant is place we eat dinner or so. We enjoy it not only taste but also its smells or looks. When we feel smokes and dinner at the same time, interest to our dinner may be lost rapidly. Smoking makes bad feeling for not smokers but no smoker around them. It is a common thing, smoker smoke carefully, but smokes go to no smoker and make bad feeling. Third, if we make smoking space in Japanese restaurant, we must install machines that let smoke and dirty air go outside of the restaurant. That costs more expensive than making no smoking space. In Japan, it is extending to decrease smoking people. It is not necessary to built expensive restaurant against Japanese present tendency. According to these reasons, I agree with that statement.


In these days, prohibition of smoking is tightened more and more. But I don't think so much to smoke should be completely forbidden at the all the restaurants in the country. However, many reasons would be offered, I want to give an opinion that cigarette is one of the most popular luxury item. I think luxury items important for people, not only, cigarette but tea, coffee, and liquor. These items are not necessary for men, but they could make you pleasant, and that is funnily important. A person who knows the delight of enjoying luxury item seems to have a relaxed frame of mind. I think that attitude is one of the important factors to estimate a person. So smoking should be allowed at the restaurant, I think. Many people will criticize that opinion. For example, cigarette smoke, especially side stream smoke is harmful for not only a smoker but also people not smoke. But I think that problem will be solved easily. That is, dividing smoking area and no smoking area more severely. If a guest smokes in no smoking area, they warn him or take a more rigorous stand. We have a right enjoying luxuries freely, provided they are not crime.


As one of the smokers, I strongly oppose the statement. Most non smokers think that smoking is a bad habit, so they will insist that smoking should be prohibited at all restaurants. But, I think, it's a fool idea. Today, smoking area is separated from non smoking area at most restaurants in Japan. I have never seen a person who is smoking at non smoking area in the restaurant, because he knows that all people around him hate smoking. Some smokers may get out from the restaurant to smoke, but smoking is prohibited in the public place. So, if smoking was banned at all restaurants, smokers couldn't eat dinner at restaurant. Then, non smokers should suggest that smokers stand smoking when they are at restaurant. I think it is a hard thing for smokers. People usually go to restaurant or cafe to eat foods, have a break, and chat with friends. Everyone wants to take a rest. Cigarettes must be important for smokers to relax. This statement is a selfish idea of non smokers. They often think they are victims of smokers. Such people don't understand the feeling of smokers who choose the smoking area not to irritate non smokers. So restaurants should have the smoking area to save the smokers' rights.


I think we have to prohibit smoking in the restaurant, because the restaurant is the place where we should have a meal. The smoke prevents you from smelling the dishes and. You can't taste the meal so much. So you must feel uncomfortable if someone smokes in front of our table. Not only the customers but also the managers dislike smoking in the restaurant, for the managers think smokers can't taste the delicious dishes very much. The managers do their best for the customer to enjoy their dinner. So the managers are very sorrowful if the customers' interest is not the meal but the smoke. However the smoke also disturbs people around the smoker. It makes the managers very angry. Because the customers think the service of the restaurant is worse and they will never go to the restaurant. It is very irritated for me to see a man smoking in the public place like the restaurant. Don't the smokers recognize their behaviors make other people unpleasant? Yes, they do, however they aren't considerate. If they are more considerate, they don't, for instance, smoke walking or throw away a cigarette. Sadly, however, there are few considerate people, so smoking in the public place must be prohibited.


I agree with this statement. Smoking harms our health. If smokers are harmed their health by smoking, it is their own responsibility. But people who are near smokers are also harmed their health. It is very important thing. Almost all the restaurants in the country have smoking area. When we enter a restaurant, a clerk of the shop says Do you smoke? Of course, our university has smoking area and non smoking. So, some smokers say it's O. K. But, I think smoking area is near non smoking area. It is meaningless. I have an experience. I went to a restaurant with my friend. Of course, we don't smoke. So, we sat down non smoking seat. However, there is smoking seat behind us. And, people sat the seat began to smoke. It is not strange thing. But for non smokers, smoking is very, very bad thing. We couldn't enjoy eating. Therefore, it is important to separate each area. For example, smoking is prohibited all the platforms of station except smoking area. This area is the edge of platform or room. But the restaurants don't have so large place. So it is difficult to make smoking area like station. Therefore, I agree with statement. Probably, some smokers say We have a right to enjoy smoking! But, I want them to think about non smoking people. And, I want to say them to stop smoking only at the table.


Many restaurants separated smoking area from not smoking area in Japan. But The separation of smoking area is not done completely. Therefore, even if we have lunch or dinner in not smoking area in a restaurant, we sometimes feel unpleasantness for smoking. But it is not good to prohibit smoking perfectly. Perfect prohibition of smoking will cause decreasing of profit from selling cigarette. The rate of smoking person in Japan is big compared to some other advanced country. And young smoking people increase these days. So, if smoking is banned, people who come to the restaurant and sales of cigarette will decrease. This decreasing is severe for many restaurants and Japan. Because, cigarette is one of important source of tax. Of course, separation of smoking area must be done more surely and smoking people may be needed for good smoking manner. Because a thought that passive smoking is bad for health of people who are surrounding smoker is spreaded all over Japan. However, many people believe this thought whether it is correct or not, they don't think that smoking must be prohibited unless they are in danger ob passive smoking. As far as the separation of smoking area is completely done, I think that smoking need not to be banned.


I disagree with this opinion. It is true that cigarette smoke sometimes annoy another person, but completely banning on smoking at all restaurant is overdoing. When I had dinner with my friend who smokes, he said I want to smoke terribly after eating. Most people who smoke feel like this. This remark reminded me that people who have smoking habit often go out of the restaurant in order to smoke after eating. I also remembered that many people use smoking area if the restaurant has this. These facts convince me that his remark is true. In Japan, there are many people who have habit of smoking. So if smoking is completely banned at all restaurants, many people feel ill at ease. I have another reason. I think it is desirable that there are various types of restaurants. This is because the more types of restaurants there are, the more people can choose restaurants to their satisfaction. They should be able to choose high class restaurants and low ?class restaurants. In the same way, they should be able to choose restaurants where they can smoke and where they have to refrain from smoking. We should not reduce their choices because it is oppression to do so. When we want to eat dinner without cigarette smoke, we can choose restaurant where smoking is banned. This is also choice. Therefore I think there can be restaurants where people can smoke.


I agree with the opinion that smoking is banded completely in restaurant. There are two reasons for my insistence. First reason is that cigarette do harm to around people. cigarette consists of a lot of harmful substances. When cigarette is fired, the smoke which contain these substances is exhausted from top of the cigarette. The smoke cause lung cancer. Around people breathe the smoke though they don't want to. I can't understand the behavior which disregard health of other people. It's very egotistic thought. Second reason is about food. Smell of cigarette is very strong, so it prevent people from enjoying food's flavor. Though chef cook hardly thinking flavor or tastes, smoke spoil them. Final reason is about manner. I think that smoking is bad manner at the place of lunch or dinner. If my partner smoke when I go to restaurant and eat dinner with him I get displeased. I can't think that though they are heavy smoker they can't stand to smoke for only 1 or 2 hours during they eat. If they can't stand to smoke at the table anyway, they should leave the seat and go out of restaurant or go to smoking area. Eventually, by forbidding smoking completely at restaurant a lot of people can spend having lunch or dinner comfortably. Moreover restaurant is one of the places which make a point of food's flavor or taste and atmosphere. Therefore smoker should refrain from smoking at the very least at restaurant.


I suggest that it is important not only in Japan but also in the world to ban customer from smoking at restaurants. Restaurants supply us with so very good food or drinks that we should taste them as they are. If we smoke, the taste and flavor of them will change to completely other things. That is too rudeness to cooks of restaurants. Restaurants also try to give all of guests very good time, but if someone smokes some guests who hate smoking feel uncomfortable. These days many people don't like a cigarette or its flavor at any place. Especially the smoke of cigarette brings our bodies bad influences. So I think that restaurants which allow customers to smoke will get smaller number of guests than restaurants which don't allow customers to smoke will. At the point of view of popularity, restaurants had better not recognize smoking inside. I talked about many reasons of agreement with the subject. If there still are those who want to smoke at restaurants, restaurants refuse them to enter or make the space to smoke outside restaurants. From many point smoking is out of order. In Europe warnings of a cigarette case say to us that smoking leads to death. Japanese expressions of a cigarette case should be hard and make people feel like not to smoke. Let's discuss good ways, and make the atmosphere of restaurants very nice.


I think that they should put a ban on smoking all the restaurants in the country As a matter of course, restaurants are the place for enjoying their dishes. To enjoy dishes means not only tasting their meals but also savoring their good smell. It prevents them from savoring their dishes to smoke. Moreover, smoking causes the adhesion of bad smell on their surrounding people's clothes, and in addition, smoking makes them feel unpleasant. What's more, smoking, especially smoke from the cigarette causes them bad health. According to some studies, smoke from the cigarette makes people have a higher risk of developing lung cancer and some heart diseases. Though it is at their own risks for smokers to lose their health, non smokers also lose their health. Some smokers say that they have the rights to smoke, and say that forbidding smokers to smoke deprive them of their rights of smoking. However, they are able to smoke outside the restaurants, so they are not able to say that they are robbed of their rights of smoking. Therefore, they should prohibit smokers from smoking at all restaurants in Japan in order not to interfere with their savoring their dishes and not to give a bad influence on surrounding people.


I think it is necessary for us to prohibit from smoking in the restaurant. In the restaurant we should enjoy having lunch and conversation and so on. I think it is needless to smoke at this place. Generally speaking, a smoke of tobacco causes lung cancer. I can't find the advantage to smoke. And to smoke in the public place such as a restaurant also influences for nonsmoker. It is difficult to shut off the smoke completely. For nonsmoker there is no such troublesome thing like this. If we suffer from disease because of other's smoke, can we allow that we are made to do so? Of course I can't allow them. Recently, people that smoke tobacco have been given a card. The card called TASPO. When we buy a tobacco, we have to show the card. I think this means recognizing the danger of the smoke in the society. If tobacco doesn't affect our health, the card is not invented. Restaurant is used a lot of people. But there are not people who take a trouble to smoke. So there is no necessity to provide smoker's room at the place of a meal. That's why I agree the statement prohibiting from smoking at the restaurant.


I agree with this opinion. There are some reasons for this. First of all, the cigarette does the person of circumference unpleasantly. There are a lot of people in a restaurant. Some of them may dislike cigarettes. In Japan, smoking seats and non smoking seats often divided. But it is not enough. When I visited the family restaurant the other day, I saw that smoke of the cigarette move non smoking seats from smoking seats. I feel unpleasantly because I hate cigarettes. Secondly, the cigarette spoils the cooking. The smell of the cigarette disturbs a smell of the cooking. I think that the smell is a big point for cooking. If smokers don't smoke while eating, they will understand true taste of the cooking. Finally, a smoking rate may fall. It is said that the cigarette is bad for our health. Furthermore it does harm to the person of the circumference. I think that healthy people increase if smoker decrease. If smoking is banned at all the restaurants, a lot of smokers and cigarette companies will object very much. But there are some countries doing it in the world, and they have good results. Therefore, I am agreeable in this opinion for these reasons.


To smoke does harm to you. To smoke makes your lung black and you become a lot of disease. Practically, when you compare smokers with non smokers, smokers die than non smokers the cause of cancer of lung and throat. Since smoking is very bad for your body, I think that to smoke be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are a lot of people in the restaurant. So smoking does harm not only to himself but also to them. It smells bad. As a result, non smokers are also equal to smoker in smoking. So many restaurants are divided two seat types, for smoker and for non smoker. However, when I went to the restaurant, smokers' seats were vacant and non smokers' seats were filled with people. Not only visitor but also restaurant loses in many ways. Perhaps, there are people who say, I can't live, if there no tobacco in my life. They should smoke out of the restaurant. They should know that they do themselves harm and give trouble to a lot of people. Finally, I think they should stop smoking. Then, all the people become healthy and happy. I sure to that. So I disagree with smoking in the restaurant.


I agree with this statement. When we go to the restaurants, the food menu often shows some information such as the food's calorie and amount of salt, to care about our health, but there are some smoking seats and sometime all the tables have ashtrays. I think this condition is no good. It is a bad manner to smoke while we are at table, and I have heard that as a sensible customer, not smoking at table is one of the international rules and smoking should be done only in smoking room. If someone smokes in restaurant, other customers who don't smoke can't taste the dishes very well, because breathing smoke makes their taste get dull. I'm not a smoker and so are my parents, so when someone begins smoking next to my table, we feel bad. This environment is bad for children, too. It is unfair for the customers who are not smokers to put up with tobacco smoke. If we think of all the customers' health including smokers, not smokers, and children, we need not smoking seats anymore. Smokers should go outside when they smoke and try not to have troubles to others so that all of the customers in the restaurant can have a good time.


Some people enjoy smoking, though they know that some bad substances which are contained in cigarette, for instance nicotine, tar and so on, affect their health. They, especially heavy smokers, may be irritated if they can't take a smoke, while taking meals or after. If smoking is forbidden at all restaurants, I think only nonsmokers and light smokers enjoy meals. But I want the heavy to have a good time too not only at lunch time but also at morning or at dinner. But other people hate completely cigarette's smell or smoke. That's smoke affects those around the smoker as a passive smoker. As the means of an elimination of passive smoking, there is banning on smoking at restaurants, separating of the seats, or having equipments for filtering bad substances from the air. So it is no wonder that smokers' area is separated from nonsmokers' at restaurants these days. This is one simple means of keeping nonsmokers from affects of passive smoking. All restaurants should have also some machines that can change the foul air to the fresh air, for example an air cleaner. If so, at the same place nonsmokers and smokers can eat together. I don't think smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants in Japan, if there are some rules or equipments for smoking like these.


I oppose the idea that smoking is completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Restaurants should be relaxant place for all people. So if all the restaurants ban from smoking at their place, a lot of smoking people lose a lot of relaxant places and all the restaurants. Smokers are better being given the place at restaurants. But then some people think that what should people who don't smoke or who don't want to be with smoking people at the restaurant do? I think that this problem is solved by establishing smoking room and nonsmoking room. In fact I don't smoke and I have not felt discomfort at restaurants if there were nonsmoking room there. So I think that smoking is not needed to be banned at all the restaurants. But I think that individual restaurant may prohibit smoking at own restaurant. The reason of that, each restaurant has various environments. For example a restaurant has very expensive curtain, furniture etc, and more. And the restaurant doesn't want those to be stain by smoking. In such a case, I think that the restaurant may prohibit smoking. But smoking should not be completely banned at all the restaurants by politics of a nation, a country, or a city.


Smoking tend to be banned everywhere these days, for instance at stations or in taxi. I think it is very good tendency because smoking is too bad not only for smokers themselves but also people around them. I hate smoking and I can't understand why they smoke spoiling their health and money. However, I know that there are many people who are crazy about smoking and cannot give up it. If all the restaurants ban smoking, they would never find their comfortable places In Japan. Sometimes it would be their great stress and may lead some crimes. For these reasons, I don't completely agree with this idea. However, I think smoking place should be more separated from no smoking place. I work at a restaurant as a waitress. At my restaurant, there are smoking floor and no smoking floor. The first floor is only for no smokers and second floor is only for smokers. I think it is a great system because both of the smokers and no smokers can be very comfortable. Therefore, if there are some attentions that no smokers can be comfortable at restaurants, we don't have to completely ban smoking at all the restaurant in Japan.


Nowdays, many repot doesn't say smoking makes his health bad but also people around him. Smoking may cause lung cancer, heart attack, storks and some fatal disease. In Japan those disease come from smoking press the cost about medical. And some report says smoke from cigarettes are more harmful people are smoked around them than smoking people. Because of this, I think we must prohabit smoking in public place for example school, office, station or restraint. If office worker can't smoke in office, he was able to smoke in out of building. It is not that he can't smoke everywhere. He smokes park's bench or his house too. On the other hand some people say we should make smoking area in public space. And we should admit smoking in smoking area. But to set smoking area need large space and it can't completely separte cigarettes smoke smoking area between other areas. I think this idea is not good way to admit smoking in public places. Now a lot o f number people smoke, some of them throw away his cigarettes after smoking in anywhere. Such act makes more strict rule about smoking. We should make the world smoking people and not smoking people live with comfort.


I agree with smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurant in Japan. Because the cigarette negatively affects our body. The cigarette doesn't negatively affect a person alone who smokes the cigarette. The person in surroundings that breathe in the cigarette smoke is negatively affected, too. Next, I will describe what adverse effect the cigarette gives the body. The most famous is lung cancer. The person who smokes the cigarette with the cigarette smoke becomes easy to become cancer it. Next, I think about woman's case. It is very dangerous that the woman pregnant with a baby in her belly smokes the cigarette. The cigarette smoke is not good for the baby at all. The minor's smoking is not similarly good either. The cigarette smoke has a very bad influence for the human growth. There is no goodness in smoking at young time at all. Therefore, I think that the place where the cigarette can be smoked only has to decrease fast. I think that the smoker situation will decrease in such a place's decreasing, too. I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurant in Japan because I consider the above. And I am not going to smoke forever.


I don't agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. First of all, nonsmokers are unwilling for a smoker to smoke near them because the smoke of tobacco is harmful to our health. So if there are nonsmoking seats, they would not have any trouble. Fortunately, in Japan, most of restaurants have smoking seats today. When we enter a restaurant, a clerk always asks us whether we smoke or not. When all nonsmoking seats are taken, we have to wait until a seat comes open or we have to look for another restaurant whose nonsmoking seat is open. But such case is unusual. Second, smokers have a right to smoke at a restaurant. Banning smoking at all the restaurants is unfair, and it invades their right. If their frustration piled up by not smoking, they might have a traffic accident or fall in something. So we allow them to smoke at all the restaurants, as long as they smoke at a smoking seat. And restaurants must separate smoking seats and nonsmoking seats as much as they can, and change the wind of air conditioners so that the smoke would not go to the nonsmoking seats. This is why I never consent to banning smoking at all the restaurants in the country.


I agree that smoking is completely banned in restaurants. First of all, it is clear that smo king makes human bodies unhealthy. Especially, passive smoking is even more harmful than inh aling smoking. Since a number of people usually stay at a restaurant for long time, they are forced to receive passive smoking. For instance, though restaurants separate no smoking are a from smoking area at present, non smokers must often sit down smoking area in case custome rs in the restaurants are crowded. It is beyond reason. Secondly, children and elderly peop le are included in those who take advantage of restaurants. Smoking has any bad influences o n them such as growth, some illness, and so on. These influences may bring them to fatal sit uations in life. It is natural that restaurants should avoid it. Thirdly, generally speaking, societies as a whole tend to reject smoking. For example, the number of smoking area has d ecreased. It is illegal to smoke with walking in these days. It is based that a lot of non s mokers are uncomfortable with smoking. In return, smokers who want to quit smoking have rece ntly appeared. For instance, the goods for no smoking are sold well. This is why smoking should be completely prohibited at all restaurants.


I agree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Nowadays, more restaurants in Japan separate nonsmoking seats from smoking seats. However, nonsmoking seats often become full soon and people who don't smoke have to sit smoking seats. I hate smoke of cigarette. It smells bad and penetrates into clothes. In addition, it makes me have a sore throat. For instance, guess that you have a dinner with your family cheerfully. On that time, if a man who smokes next to your table, smell of cigarette will spoil your delicious dishes and make you feel unpleasant. When I see a man smoking in a public place, I get angry very much. Smoking, of course, makes smokers unhealthy. Moreover, smoke of cigarette has a bad influence on people who don't smoke. Smoking makes a possibility of getting cancer high. There may be a pregnant mother or a baby in a restaurant. And so if smoking is completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, people who dislike a cigarette can enjoy themselves without being irritated about other's smoke. What is more, smokers have less opportunities of smoking and so, they can become healthy. I hope smoking will be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country soon.


I agree with this statement that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are a lot of reasons that I think so. For instance, smoking is very bad for our health, it declines our physical abilities, and it costs much money. Smokers have no merit. Smoking has bad influence upon not only smokers but also non smokers. For instance, the smell of smoke makes non smokers feel bad. In fact, I hate the smell of smoke. The smoke of tobacco does not only make non smokers feel bad but also do harm to their health. It is called secondhand smoking. It has a worse influence upon non smokers more than smokers. It causes serious illnesses such as cancer and so on. It seems that smokers do not realize that they annoy non smokers with their actions. Now campaign against smoking is being held. As a result, the number of smokers is decreased little by little. This is good trend. We should keep decreasing the number of smokers and make a situation that non smokers can not start smoking easily. I think that even if we cannot ban smoking at all places, we have to ban smoking at all places where there are plenty of people who do not like smoking, such as restaurants and so on. I believe that such actions make a lot of people happy.


A restaurant is a place where people enjoy not smoking but eating. There are many kinds of people in restaurants, families including young children for instance. If someone smokes near young children, his smoke makes their health bad without his notice. Though, you have a right to relax with your own way, smoking gives other people much more infection than your contentment. That is why, smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country. Even if each tables are divided into two parts, one is for smokers and the other is for non smokers, their smoke is spread to all tables and spoils their meals. And more, the restaurant which is full of smoke looks dirty. In fact, there is a city law which bans smoking at all the restaurants in Yokohama. People who want to smoke while drinking or run bar are against this law. But I think that this law is the best way to make citizens's health more good. As the place where people can smoke decrease, people who smoke also decrease. I wish that many cities should adopt such a law immediately. Then, everyone will be able to have a good time in all restaurants. So to conclude, I really believe that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


I agree with this idea. The reason as ground for my opinion is that considering all benefits of smoke, smoking in restaurants isn't good but only harmful for people who don't smoke. For people who smoke, smoking in restaurants and cafeterias may give them relaxing and good feelings. It may be natural that when they eat lunch and want to take a rest, they think they want to smoke. And because cigarettes include addictive drugs (nicotine and so), many smoker cannot live without cigarettes. But, we must check that basically, smoking injure with not only smokers themselves but also people who don't smoke. When one person smokes, people around him who don't smoke are likely to absorb more harmful cigarette smoke. Besides, restaurants are places where people eat lunch and supper. Smoking in such places indicates that one person makes people around him eat cigarette smoke. I can't imagine how much eating cigarette smoke does harm with people. And, if ever people of restaurants divide smoke area with no smoke area, cigarette smoke float. So anyway, no smokers will be injured. As far as this fact exists, Smokers must not consider their enjoyment and pleasure but the existence of no smokers. Restaurants are places where everyone utilizes, so to speak, public spaces. Smokers who use them don't have to think only themselves. So I agree with this idea.


I think that forbidding people to smoke at all restaurants in Japan is very good idea. This is because the smoke could make food's tastes bad and a lot of people in the restaurant could be uncomfortable. I do not smoke, so I do not understand why smokers like smoking and smoke anywhere. And, smoke of a tobacco is bad not only for the smoker but also for people who are near the smoker. There are a lot of restaurants which many families with small children come in Japan. I think that it is too dangerous for children to be in the place where it is full of the smoke of tobacco. I heard that smoking increases the risk of the lung cancer. In addition, the smoke damages passive smokers more than smoker. It is terrible fact. Now there are a lot of restaurants which have a no smoking seat in Japan. Indeed it is a good idea to avoid the smoke. But there are smoking seats too. I think that it is not sufficient to save people who do not smoke. That is why I agree with that opinion. Moreover I request the government to make the rule which forbids people to smoke at every public places.


I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are a few reasons. First of all, if someone smokes at the restaurant, those who dislike smoke of cigarettes will be uncomfortable. Some people have disease of their lungs. If they take smoke in, their disease will be worse and worse. Second, though there are some restaurants which separate tables where smoking is allowed from tables where smoking is banned, it is not very useful. For instance, assume that there are thirty seats where smoking is banned and twenty seats where smoking is allowed. If forty people who don't smoke and ten people who smoke come to the restaurant, ten people who don't smoke must wait and there are ten empty seats. This is not efficient. This is why it is not good to separate seats and smoking should be banned. Third, it is no need to smoke during meals. Smokers should be able to endure smoking for just short time. It is said that if we eat meals with smoking, meals get less delicious. So we should not smoke during meals. For these reasons, I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


I disagree that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Several of my friends who are smokinｇ cigarette say that it is a kind of puff to smoke a cigarette. Therefore, since it thinks that a restaurant is also a place which it has not only in the place which has a meal, I think that it is not necessary to make it prohibition of smoking completely at a restaurant. However, probably, partly, there are some persons who think that a cigarette is disagreeable. Therefore, although the nonsmoking seat is prepared, since it is meaningless if it is few at a restaurant from the first and a nonsmoking seat fills, you should cope with increasing a nonsmoking seat more etc. Moreover, there may be an opinion which cares about the manners side that what is necessary is just to smoke a cigarette to except during a meal, but since it thinks that tobacco is a part of a break as stated also like the point, I think that the opinion does not have effect. Probably, the blanket ban in our country will be too severe. I am opposed to the blanket ban of the tobacco in Japan from these things.


I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. There are two reasons why I agree this. First, smoking is very bad for not only smokers' health, but also non smokers' health. From adult to child, even pregnant mother's baby, we are always faced with danger. Tobacco fumes cause various diseases. For instance, lung cancer, stomach cancer, heart break and so on. These diseases are very bad for our body. There is possibility that patients who have got these diseases will die because of these diseases. Non smokers' possibilities of getting these diseases are higher than smokers'. So, smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country to protect from bad fumes. Second reason why Iagree this is that Japanese smokers' manner is too bad. There are alot of cigarette ends everywhere. Cigarette ends are one of the causes which invite environmental problems. Tobacco fumes' smell is too bad. We can't eat dishes deliciously because of bad tobacco fumes' smells. Even if restaurants divided tables into smoking seats and non smoking seats, we probably feel bad smells. So, smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country. In this way, Iagree that we should completely ban smoking at all the restaurants. If this realizes, we will be able to eat dishes comfortably atrestaurants in Japan!


Certainly, smoking is a bother for others. But smokers pay heavy tax when they buy them and in Japan tobacco is legal over 20 years old, so they have smoking rights and they can smoke at the restaurants. Tobacco is a one of luxuries and many smokers may want to smoke during or after a meal. They often say It is very delicious that smoking after a meal or drink. But non smokers have rights of not to be exposed smoke naturally, too. Tobacco smoke is very harmful especially for other people, and there are many people who don't want to be exposed to that smoke. We just want to enjoy eating or drinking delicious meals and talking with friends at the restaurants. How we can solve that simple question? Now, there are divisions into smoking and non smoking areas at the stations or universities and so on. So it is necessary that dividing smokers from non smokers at the restaurant, too. To dividing smokers from non smokers completely, it may be able to make a progress improving relations between smokers and non smokers. And we have to understand each other, smokers and non smokers. After appropriate measure of smoke, smokers can smoke at the restaurants in Japan.


Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, because smoking have a bad influence upon the smoking person but also surrounding. I don't smoke, and I don't like. Smoke of tobacco. When someone smokes around me, I get angry with his smoke makes my body bad. I go to a restaurant with smoker, I choose the nonsmoking seat as possible. There are all lot of people like me in Japan, and almost those people endure. If smoking is completely banned at restaurants, nonsmoker go in restaurants in peace. On the condition that restaurants ban smoking, there is no risk. To put it the other way around, the number of customers increase than before. It is better that smokers who want to smoke go out and smoke outdoor. As another reason, banning smoking makes cleaning more easily. Smoking discharge smoke include tar which strain the ceiling and so on, and cigarette butts are left. Cleaning these is troublesome for employees. But by banning smoking, employees have no need to wash an ashtray and wipe the ceiling that is dirty with tar. According to this, employees can go back home earlier and rest in their home. So smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


Smoking should be completely banned at the restaurant. First, smoking does harm to non smoker. If your family smokes, you can prevent passive smoking. For example, you tell your family not to smoke in your house, you open the window. But you can't avoid passive smoking in the restaurant. It turned out that smoke does much harm to nonsmoker than smoker. If you are pregnant woman, smoking does much harm her. Moreover, passive smoking in the public space, smoker doesn't take the responsibility for their smoking. Non smoker has to accept passive smoking. It is not too much to say, smoker is murderer. In fact, more than 1000 people have died due to passive smoking. It is clear smoking is harmful to non smoker. It is incomprehensible that smoking is allowed at the public space. Smoking has a bud influence upon not only their health but also their feeling. If you are non smoker, smoke makes you unpleasant. Besides, you would be at the table at the restaurant. You may be not able to enjoy your food because of smoking. In the public space, non smoker's charge and smoker's charge are equal. It is unfair that only non smoker is unpleasant. Thus, smoking bothers many people. Smoking at the restaurant should be banned immediately.


I agree to this idea. I think Japanese government should prohibit smoking at all the restaurants in the country. I hate smoking. Smoking is bad for the health. I want to be sure to take good care of myself. And if someone smoke by me, my clothes get smell. I must suffer from my clothes tobacco's smell. If someone smoke at the table, it get me more irritant. I like to eat, so, I want to eat in comfortable situation. Tobacco makes this situation and mood bad. Because of like these reason, I disagree to smoking at the restaurant. If it is allowed, I want to prohibit tobacco it self. For example, if the government impose a more high tax on tobacco, there are few smoker in Japan. I think, when smoker want to smoke, they should go the place there are no people. So the government should increase smoking room by tobacco's tax. If it come true, we don't have to inhale tobacco's smoke. But it is true that there are many people love smoking. So if they that there are want to smoke, I want to them smoke where not cause us annoying. I want the Japan to be the cantury where the air is clean and not float bad smells.


Nowadays, smoking often becomes banned at the various places. This thing is good trend, for smoking has many bad influences. There are many arguments for and against smoking. For instance, first smoking is incriminated as the major cause of lung cancer. Cancer is very very serious disease. And it is said that death rate is very high, and treatment is very difficult. Second, at the restaurant, many people without regard to age or sex visit to eat delicious dishes, in various time. Possibly, some people hate smoking. These people would feel bad, if there are smokers at the restaurant. Although they have come from a great distance to eat delicious foods and to enjoy talking, it is spoil. And passive smoking is worse for person's health than usual smoking. Nonsmokers damage their health, although they don't smoke. If these person watch out for health, it's meaningless. Many kids, baby, olds, pregnant women come restaurants, too. Passive smoking troubles those people. Especially pregnant women's case, smoking affects unborn babies. This thing is very severe and awful problem. Recently, most of restaurants have a smoking seats, another usual seats. But it of many restaurants doesn't separate completely. It is meaningless. So smoking should be banned at all the restaurants.


Nowadays, as many people notice that smoking has a bad influence on not only smoker but also others, smoking is banned at many places and smokers are forced to go special smoking lounge when they have a smoke. This case is applied to the restaurant. Smoking should be banned at all the restaurants in the country. I have three reasons to support my opinion. The first is that the smells of tobacco disorder our taste. We use our taste and smell for enjoy eating. For example, if you feel dreadful smell when eat your favorite food, you ought to lose your appetite. The smell of tobaccos is nothing but stink for nonsmokers. The second reason is that smokers make flow of customers bad. Most people get out of the restaurant straight after their meal, but smokers begin to take a whiff after that. Smokers have confined space to smoke, so they try to enjoy smoking when they can. The Third reason is that it is hard to endure smoke for employee who is nonsmoker. Even if they hate smoker, since they are employee, they must service. It goes without saying that restaurant is where we enjoy eating or drinking. There are not places for smoking. If you want to have a smoke you should go smoking areas.


Today, many restaurants in Japan separate Smoking seat and No smoking seat, so when we enter restaurant, clerk ask Smoking seat or no smoking seat? That's show some people, like me hate cigarette's smoking, smell, and so on. However, will this measure of the restaurant be really effective? In many cases, partition between these seats is plastic, glass board etc and smoke cannot be completely intercepted. Besides, air conditioner carries unpleasant wind to no smoking seat. With this, Non smoker cannot enjoy themselves enough over meal. Almost all of people know smoking is not good for human body. In addition to this, secondhand smoke is worse than firsthand smoke. What an irrational thing this is! Smoking in the public place will not be an exaggeration to say pollution. For the nonsmoker, if smoke drifts in the store, a special meal is spoiled. We go to restaurant for eating, not to take smoke of others' cigarettes. In Japan, it already tends to exclude smoking. For instance, the regulation that prohibits the walking cigarette is made, and the price hike of the tax is examined. Tobacco is said that There are 100 harms and an advantage none. It is glad that the chance to breathe in the smoke of the cigarette decreases.


Cigarette contains various kinds of chemical material, for instance, nicotine, tar, and so on and those smoke also contain harmful material. So cigarette smoke can make non smoker sick, for example, lung cancer. Therefore non smoker have a right not to breathe cigarette smoke. Smokers give great risk to non smokers unconsciously. So restaurants have a great responsibility to defend non smokers. We enjoy not only taste but also smell of dishes at restaurants. If we smell tobacco when we eat dishes, we do not enjoy the dish and feel that dishes of this restaurant are not so delicious even if those dishes are very delicious. We probably have bad rumor that dishes of that restaurants are not so good or that restaurants do not prepare good condition for eating. Even if restaurants install seats of non smokers, non smokers cannot avoid tobacco smoke completely because we cannot see chemical materials which are released by smoking. In order not to get bad rumor and in order to benefit, it is the easiest way for restaurants to ban smoking. In the end, from these reasons, ashtrays should be eliminated from all restaurants in Japan.


I think smoking should not be completely banned at all the restaurant in Japan. Most people in Japan have known the serious harm of smoking, such as cancer of the lungs, but in fact there are many smokers in Japan. Of course smoking is no good for our body, but for heavy smokers, I think that life without cigarettes is nothing other than pain. If smoking was banned at all the restaurant in Japan, smokers would be under great stress, because many people go to restaurants not only to eat dishes but also to take rest. Smokers' rest means having a cigarettes. I do not smoke. And I feel irritated when I'm in a secret room and other person in the room start to smoke. But even so, it's not right to take smokers' rights away. I think it is desirable to make smoking area and non smoking area more strictly at every restaurant. There are already smoking room at restaurants, but it is not enough. Smoking area and non smoking area should be separated more reliably. By doing so, smokers and non smokers will be able to go to restaurant without any reservations.


In these years, the Japanese government has recommended politics which smokers bother where they smoke calmly. For example, the government made streets nobody can walk or stay with smoking. We got cities clean and enjoy walking comfortably. Most people translate it as a very attractive policy. So, all the restaurants in the country should completely banned smoking too. We can especially find many bad situations in the restaurant. Their smoke makes not only them but also non smoking customers more tasteless. If non smoker were sitting far from smokers, they could not avoid smoke coming up. Then, passive smoking is a great important problem. As you know, smoking does damage smoker's lugs and it leads smokers to have various bad diseases. Moreover, those diseases have a possibility to affect health of non smokers who breathe smoke surrounding them. Smoke is more dangerous than we usually consider. Actually, smokers have troubled non smokers while it is unknown. The restaurant's floor is restricted within a narrow space. And customers sometimes turn up to eat with little children. So, all people at the restaurant are should be more attention to smoking. In Japan, most people have seen smoking in any appearances in a new light. That present condition teaches us an importance to consider doing smoke. What smoking is completely banned at all the restaurants in the country must bring good consequences.


I agree with this statement. There are two reasons I think so. The first reason is that cigarette smoke is very bad for our health. It is very poisonous not only for smokers but also for nonsmokers around them. It is said that the smoke causes cancer and other disease. Actually, I have had a sore throat because of smoke in a restaurant before. I am a nonsmoker, so I think that it is absurd for nonsmokers to become ill because of smokers. Of course, to ban smoking is good for smoker's health. The second reason is that the smoke is very uncomfortable for nonsmokers. I think that people go to restaurants to eat and get contentment. But if the restaurant is filled with cigarette smoke, we can't content. And we are puzzled when the smells of cigarette attaches to our clothes. Now we can see the restaurants that separate seat for smoking and nonsmoking to solve these complain of nonsmokers. But this system also has a few problems. The case is that smokers and nonsmokers go to the restaurant together. If they sit smoking seat, nonsmokers feel uncomfortable because of smoke. On the other hand, if they sit nonsmoking seat, smokers can't content. It is difficult to satisfy both people. I think society should regulation smoking. In fact nonsmoking is the mainstream in the Western countries. The number of smokers is decrease and they achieve comfortable life. If all the restaurants in the country ban smoking, we will be able to get healthy and comfortable life.


Recently, it has been gradually increasing of persons who hate smoke in Japan. So, smokers are feeling kind of loneliness by opinions of people who dislike smoking. It is true that smoking causes a lot of disease rather than non smoking person. But smoke or not smoke is completely free and a right of every adult has. Smoking should not be prohibited at all the restaurants. Of course, non smoking person's rights also have to be considered. Restaurants can do many things to avoid smoke for the persons who don't smoke. For example, I have seen a vacuum machine at a smoking allowed table of a restaurant a few years ago. There was not smoke, and customers were enjoying eating both smoking and non smoking man. On the one hand, to apart smoking space is good and easy action that almost all restaurants can do. Nowadays, not only to apart from smoking place, but also there are walls on the hedge of seats. One important thing is to understand the other person's mind. Smoking effects another Person's health directly. So, when you smoke, just ask for a permittion to people who There is. And non smoking person should consider smoking person.


Nowadays, a lot of people pay attention to smoking. Smoking makes some people unpleasant and even unhealthy. So the government makes some rules. We must not smoke in some stores, streets and schools. Especially smoking in store is taken notice. Some people disagree with it, but it is very good for most of us to make it. I think so, too. Because smoking doesn't bring useful thing for me. Moreover it brings bad things. For instance, first we spend a lot of money for cigarettes. A person who smokes ten cigarettes in a day spends about 5 thousands yen in a month and 60 thousands yen in a year. Second we also are likely to take serious disease, cancer and stroke, by smoking. This is proved medically. It is very dangerous for not only smoking people but also people who are around smoking people to smoke in narrow place, for example in store. Third, there are a lot of garbage by smoking. Lastly cigarettes smell very bad. In the narrow store, the smoke is shut down and it smells but much more. If the government makes a rule which ban from smoking on all stores, these things is better and some people may stop smoking. So I agree with banning from smoking on all stores.


Now, some restaurants have separated nonsmoking seats from smoking seats. But that is not effective if smoking is banned completely at restaurants. That is why we cannot stop smokes from cigarette from invading nonsmoking seats. As a result, the situation at nonsmoking seats is the same as that of smoking seats. Also, there are a lot of children or people who are not allowed to smoke. Smoking affects them badly by their seeing people smoke. For instance, they may snuff smokes or they may start smoking by seeing that often. In fact, the number of the children whose parents smoke smoking is mor e than that of the children whose parents don't smoke. And if the man couldn't help smoking, he might get out of a restaurant. In the first place, restaurants are not where people smoke or chat but where people enjoy eating dishes. People should concentrate enjoying eating or drinking. And smoking may prevent us from eating original tastes. In short, smoking may alter tastes. Then those who smoke cannot get anything at the restaurant. It is true that they relax by smoking, but, at restaurants, that doesn't bring them anything good, but that brings people around them criticizing.


Smoking has tended to dislike by many people since ancient times. These days its tendency seems to strong. It is said that to smoke brings no good and a lot of harm not for any smokers but also neighbors who do not any smoke. Furthermore, smoke that neighbors may take in their body is more dangerous than smokers breathe in. It is what is called Passive Smoking. Recently Japanese government suggests price of a smoke would be around 1, 000 yen. Newspapers search many people what was their opinion for government's suggestion. According to the results of an opinion poll, over fifty percents of people who answered questions did not oppose it. If price of a smoke rises, many smokers would stop smoking and then nonsmokers do not have to smoke regardless of grate hate. If we walk in a city, we would see many smokers. But we can escape from them. By contrast when we are in a restaurant, we cannot escape their smoke. Restaurants must be clean because there are the places where people eat or drink various foods. We might be harmed unconsciously with eating foods because smoke's smoke is likely very strong poison. From that reasons, smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


These days, many restaurants in Japan divide the seats into two type seats, smoking seats and non smoking seats. As you understand by this fact, most of non smoking people hate that others smoke by their seats while eating. To enjoy eating and taste of meals completely requires your mouth, nose and eye. However, people cannot feel that the smell of their foods is good if there are smoking people in nearby their seats because the smell of cigarette smoke defeats that of dishes. In addition to, the smoke makes a lot of things dirty, such as clothes of people and tables or walls of restaurant, and the smell of tobaccos is left in the restaurants by people smoking a bunch of time. So, smoking affects not only people present there but also restaurants themselves customers who will visit the restaurant after a person smoked. Besides, smoking does harm to your health whether you smoke or a person around you do. That is why any people should refrains smoking at restaurants. Sitting on a non smoking seat nearby a smoking seat is no different from sitting on a smoking seat. So, the beat solution is to prohibit smoking at any restaurants in Japan.


It is a remarkable topic in various aspects. To smoke is only bad for the health and not good every elements. Also, smoking in public place as restaurants, station and school make people around them passive smoking. Smoking is hurtful to the health for not only smokers but also other people. In restaurants, there are some children and they are influenced by passive smoking easier than adults. In addition, passive smoking is more harmful than direct smoking. And there are some people who do not like tobacco so ban to smoke in public place is needed. Because today there are nonsmoking seat, but nonsmoking seat are very near from smoking area. This division is not able to prevent nonsmokers from passive smoking completely. Certainly it is free smoking or not smoking, but to ban smoking in some place have smokers pay more attention to others. And restaurants are originally the place where we enjoy eating. If people are made passive smoking and they feel it complaint, they would not be enjoy the meal and they might feel taste bad or not good. Because customers who come to restaurants paid money, they have a right which they are able to spend comfortably.


Recently, taspo has been introduced in vending machine so as not to make young people smoke. This means that smoking is bad for them. In addition, a smoking man does harm to his near people with secondhand smoke. There are children as well as adults at restaurant. Although many restaurants have smoking seats, the seats and other seats are not separated. As a result, consumers cannot help breathing cigarette smoke. Some consumers at the restaurants hate the smoke. Restaurants are the place where we enjoy eating. For example, if people who don't like cigarette smoke breathe it at a restaurant, they can't enjoy eating and feel very bad. This is a disadvantage for the restaurant and for consumers. If I were restaurant owner, I might hesitate to ban smoking at all seats. That's because when a man who is a heavy smoker comes to a restaurant, he may be angry for banning smoking and eventually never come to visit the restaurant. Then he will go to restaurants that are allowed smoking. If smoking is completely banned by the law at all restaurants in Japan, I don't hesitate to have consumers ban smoking. Smokers will give up smoking at restaurants. Smoking not only gives no benefits, but does much harm. No smoking at the restaurants will have great benefits to many people.


I think that smoking should be forbidden at all the restaurants in the country. Recently, I often hear the word nonsmoking everywhere. I think that smoking should be forbidden at place where a lot of people are because the cigarette smoke affects our health. Even if we don't smoke a cigarette, our bodies receive the harm if there is a person who is smoking a cigarette around us. Above all, it is said that children are more likely to receive the harm, and there are many children in restaurants. There are a lot of harmful things we receive by smoking cigarette or breathing cigarette smoke from the cigarette which the person around us smokes. There are some people who don't like the smell of cigarettes. I don't like it, too. People go to a restaurant to enjoy eating dishes. I think people enjoy the smell of dishes, too. If a person smokes a cigarette in a restaurant, people who enjoy eating dishes around there couldn't enjoy the smell of dishes. Of course, there are many people who smoke cigarette. Such people would have troubles if smoking is banned at all restaurants. But there are many people who don't smoke cigarettes, too. I think people who want to smoke cigarettes have to smoke outside.


I think that smoking should completely banned at all restaurants in Japan. Th ere are four reasons to explain my opinion. Let me introduce the reasons. First, the smell of smoking is so bad for not only smoking people's health bu t also non smoking people's health. Perhaps smoking people accept some bad eff ects for their health, but people who don't smoke don't want to be a patient b ecause of smoking effects. And if there are some effects for non smorking peop le, smoking people don't have any responsible for that nevertheless the people who smoked nearby the effected people who don't smoke is them. Second, if there is a restaurant in which anybody can smoke, the income will decrease. Because some of the people who don't smoke don't go to the restauran t. They hate the smell and the smoke, and they go through the restaurant as so on as looking at the smoking people in the it. Third, the restaurant in which anybody can smoke is bad for the people who ha ve been smoked and try not to smoke. If there is the restaurant, perhaps some of the people will smoke. Fourth, I don't like smoking people. So I agree with the opinion. I think that restaurants should be the place in which nobody smoke.


Recently, men who smoking in Japan gradually have been decreased, but many people have still smoked. Most of them smoke in restaurant, road, office, etc. Not surprisingly, we know that smoking has exposed a man who smoking to cancer and others serious disease, because this is often reported by many researchers. But smoking harms not only smokers for himself but also non smokers around smoker. This is called passive smoking. A cigarette can spread many health problems for many people if people live around smoker. Nowadays, restaurants in Japan separate smoking seats from non smoking seats, but it is a fact that how far smoking seats are separated from non smoking seats, smokers and non smokers are spending times on eating foods and drinking tea in the same building; space. From the other point of view, cigarette smokes have peculiar smells, so people who are eating foods in the same room in which the man smokes cannot enjoy the smell and taste of food because of the smells of cigarette smokes. Smoking can prevent from enjoying meals. Furthermore, many ashes of cigarette are left by smoking. By an ashtray, most of them are caught, but a little of them aren't caught. Restaurant must keep rooms clean, so smoking in restaurant can bother people who use after seat smoker used to enjoy eating foods.


Nowadays in Japan people tend to dislike the tobacco. There are a bunch of places where smoking is prohibited. For instance in hotels, on streets, at colleges and not only in trains but also on platform. So only at restaurants smoking is not banned that is strange. Smoking should be thoroughly forbidden at all the restaurants. One of the reasons is that if many smoking people are in the restaurants, we would feel its atmosphere to be not good. A restaurant is a place where we have a good meal and where we spend time comfortably. Secondly some of customers who come to the restaurants are family. Sometimes the family has the babies. To babies tobacco's smoke is very bad. The restaurants should make visiting all families very happy. So smoking ought not to be allowed. Nowadays the rules of Japan gradually begin to be rigid. But they are not stricter than the rules of Singapore, America, United Kingdom and France. There smoking is almost prohibited. For instance if we are in one of the countries, it is natural that we don't watch a TV commercial. And if we walk there, we would don't look the advertisements on streets. Japan should imitate these.


There are many arguments for and against smoking. However, I agree this idea which smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Firstly, I dislike the smell of the smoke and if I snuff up it, I maybe lose my appetite. Secondly, smoking cause various disease such as lung cancer, stroke, asthma. Smoker often cause these disease but if I snuff up smoking, I also cause such disease Moreover, passive smoker are more harmful than smoker. Because, passive smoking contain more harmful materials than smoking. So, it is very unfair. Why I am damaged by smoker? I am very angry when people walk with smoke. Finally, Smoking sometimes wound others badly. For instantly, my junior high school friend has been troubled with asthma for long years. One day I and he go to the shopping. When we meet smokers in the restaurant, my friend suffer from smoke and finally his breathing is very slow and weakened. So, I take him into the hospital. So, I perfectly agree that smoking should be banned at the restaurants in Japan.


Recently, many regulations about smoking are enforced. For instance, in some area if people walk with smoking, they are fined. This rule is wonderful for non smokers! I'm 18 years old so I cannot smoke. But I don't want to smoke. Smoking hurt feelings. When you eat lunch with your friends, next customer is smoking. Then what do you think? Perhaps you think nasty, you do nothing but complain about the smoker with them. Eventually you spoil lunch time. What's more, smoking destroys our body. By smoking, our stomach is dirty. And compared with non smokers, smokers are apt to get cancer. The death rate of smokers is also very high than non smokers. That is to say, smokers want to die quickly. Smokers say that smoking is our pleasure. But I cannot understand their words. When I was 8 years old, I smoked once. It was too hard for me to smoke to end. What on earth is pleasure? Probably, there is no advantage to smoke. I hope that one day tobacco will be clear completely. It is the best means for the world. We want to get very clear air.


Recently, some local governments ban on smoking on street. Smokers are against this new regulation. But many no smokers think that smokers should be prohibited smoking in any other public places. Especially, they should be forbidden to smoking in restaurant by regulations. I agree with this idea and I have three opinions about this topic. First, it is widely known, the cigarette smoke has many various harmful materials for example nicotine, carbon monoxide, tar and so on. It damages not only smokers but also people around them. This smoke gives more harm to children than adults. If you smoke around children, you look like to injure them lungs slowly by knife. Secondly, restaurant is place where many people enjoy dishes. But smoke has too bad smell. People in restaurant that filled by smoke can not relax and taste dishes correctly. All restaurant chefs don't want to enter smokers in them restaurant. Finally, according to some newspaper research, more than a one fourth smoker wants to give up smoking but can not. They also say that they will be able to give up if the rules of smoking changes stricter. Strict rules are chance for smokers to change them life style healthier.


In these days, I heard an information of non smoking area in Kobe is about to be enforced. The non smoking area has been spreading all over the country. When I was in Hiroshima, that area has been enforced at main part of the city. These instances show us that public opinions are unlikely to be possible for smokers to smoke in public place. As far as I know, smoking has no good effects for the health of smokers their own and passive smokers. However, the right of choice what smoke or not belongs to smokers their own. There are not any laws that ban smoking. The restaurant is industry of the service. The service should provide for customers equally and fairly. From this point of view, the restaurant in Japan should not ban smoking completely. The fact of matter is that almost all of restaurant's staff in Japan asks customers this sentence Which do you want to sit, smoking or non smoking? and lead them to smoking seat or non smoking seat. This is a good idea separate customers. The matter of smoking is solved by not only the restaurant but also smokers. So, smoker's moral is responsible for the matter of smoking especially at public place. This is why the restaurant needs not ban smoking completely.


I agree with this opinion, because smoking in the restaurant will cause a lot of problem. When people smoke in the restaurant, there will be a lot of smokes. A lot of people know that people who are smoking catch a lot of harms and some people don't know that people who inhale the smokes catch much more harms. Then if there are some people who are smoking in the restaurant, people around them must inhale smokes and they will catch a bad influence for their health. It is strange that people who live in good health get bad influence from people who are smoking. I also think that if there are some smokes in the restaurant, the air in there will be dirty. There are a lot of foods in the restaurant and if the air is dirty, the foods also will get dirty and have bad influence for the health. It is one of the important selling points for the restaurant to give fresh and clean foods for the guests. Not having that point and having smokes in the restaurant don't make the restaurant have a good reputation. Then smoking should not be permitted and banned at the Japanese restaurant.


Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I don't smoke. I don't like smoking. I hope I can deliciously eat every day. So, I don't want to go to the restaurants where some people smoke. I have a horrible experience before. I went to the restaurant to have a lunch with my family. When I was eating my favorite dish hamburger steak, a man by our table got smoking. As the smoke came to me, I hated eating it. Because the taste of the hamburger stake mixed with smoke, I would like him to have stopped smoking. Smoke is some bad effects on our taste and smell. And it is a great damage for nonsmoking people to breathe smoke. Now in Japan, many restaurants and cafes have both smoking area and nonsmoking area. But there are a few restaurants and cafes that they have both smoking room and nonsmoking room. So smoking should be completely banned. Japanese food is loved in the world. Many foreigners come to Japan every year. They have many meals at the restaurants in Japan. Japanese food is especially a delicate food. I hope they can deliciously eat Japanese food at the restaurants in Japan.


I can't agree with what this author say. I believe that it is too doing. Smoking mustn't b e prohibited at all the restaurants in the country. By making rules about smoking and keeping thes e rules strictly, other guests will be more pleasant. The making smoker defends it and the r ule is lightened and the damage of smoke will be able to be lightened. They make children no t to be breathed passive smoke, for instance. For another example, restaurants set up no smo king areas and smokers use these absolutely. So nonsmokers will don't have to breath smoke. Still good other rules for the smokers and Iyakemuca exist. By the way, tabaccos contain ni cotine, tar, and others. Nicotine and tar give smokers pleasure, and smoking touch is seemed to make smokers feel refreshed. Restaurants should make happy not only to nonsmokers, but a lso to smokers, because all guests basically have the rights that they are given good servic es by members in restaurants. It is possible for smokers to satisfy it only with smoking the cigarette. If it is a little amount in exchange for observing the rule, it is necessary to permit smoking. To conclude, I oppose the overall no smoking at a restaurant for the reasons stated above.


I have a friend who usually smokes. But I dislike smoking. Some like smoking, others don't like it. Smoking affects health, but many people have smoked for long time. Now in Japan smoking is not banned at all the restaurants. Generally, restaurant is where people eat food. People who don't smoke should not allowed smoking at that place. I hared that after eating or drinking smoking is best. So for people who like smoking that place is best place, but for people who don't like smoking that place is worst place, because while they eat nice foods, they must smell smoking which they don't like. Even if smoking is completely banned at all the restaurants I n Japan, everyone doesn't have a trouble. People who like smoking only endure smoking. If they don't endure, they only go out of restaurant in order to smoking. Smoking banned happens things have merits and demerits. But merits clearly are larger than demerits. Then why government don't ban smoking at all the restaurants. People may don't react that. However I heard that smoking areas are gradually decreasing. Perhaps in near future smoking may be banned at all place, and smoking may be lost, and people may be can live a long life.


Now that both smoking and second hand smoking are well known as the major cause of lung cancer, all the smokers should try to quit smoking. Many people hate a smell of the tobaccos, and the smell gets some people to feel terrible. A friend of mine in Nagoya also gets stomachache just to smell the smoke. In fact, the case of me, I don't get bad feeling by smelling the tobaccos and it's not that I hate smoking. To tell the truth, I like a smell of smoking very well. But much of my friends don't like it and I know the news of lung cancer, so I will not smoke again forever. Besides, I think, smoking interrupts. For example, when you have a dinner time surrounding good smells, the nice meal will be destroyed and we will feel as if the taste of good meals will drop down because of the smell. Of course I want to eat the dinner at a good environment for having meals. Exactly it's up to us whether to smoke or not, but we have the duty to provide other people with the comfortable environment. We never annoy someone. This thinking is close to the concept negative externality in economics. In other words, just because a smoker has the time to smoke tobaccos outside the restaurant, people having the dinner inside the restaurant get the nice meal and smoker have the chance to smoke openly. So utility of all the people will maximize. Therefore smoking should be banned inside the restaurants, but should not be outside the restaurants.


I agree with this statement because there are two reasons. Firstly, a cigarette does harm not only smoker, but also people that are around smoker. And secondly, smoke disturbs comfortable eating time. It is said that smoking shortens smokers' life. Person who often smokes is likely to get severe disease, for example cancer, and die in his early age. If someone smokes in official space like a restaurant, smoke of cigarette spreads around smoker, and people around him are also damaged from cigarette. Unfortunately, harm which people around smoker receive is much bigger than harm which smoker receives. Bad smell also spreads during smoking. For smoker smell of cigarette may be good, but it is quite bad for nonsmoker. Smoke makes nonsmoker uncomfortable. At restaurant many people, from children to senior, enjoy eating dishes. They are enjoying both tasting and smelling nice foods. But with smoke, they can't enjoy special eating time perfectly. Smoke prevents nonsmoker from smelling delicious foods. Like this, smoking causes trouble to many customers who don't smoke. So Smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Smoker should smoke in private space, should not smoke in official space where there are many people who don't like smoke.


I disagree with this opinion, I have three reasons. First, at restaurant, everyone should enjoy spending time whether he or she is smoker or not. They spend money to enjoy eating, no one should interrupt them. If the restaurans make all customers happy, restaurants should set the seat for smokers to prevent none smokers from smoke of cigarette. For example, they should install some machines which can clear air or rooms separated from other rooms for none smokers. Second, if we ban smoking at all the restaurants, smokers will not go to restaurants so often. As a result, restaurants loose a lot of customers and decrease their benefits. It is not good for restaurants. Third, why we should ban smoking at all the restaurants? If you do not like smoke, you should go to restaurants which ban smoking. We don't need ban smoking at all restaurants. There are many restaurants in Japan, if the restaurants which supply what you want to eat do not ban smoking, you can find other restaurants which ban smoking. From these reasons, I am against the opinion. It is violation of the rights of smokers to ban smoking at all the restaurants.


I agree with this idea. I think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I have two reasons why I think so. First, there are the facts that smoking is bad for our health and that side stream smoke is more harmful than mainstream smoke. These facts mean that smoking is the problem not only for smokers themselves, but also for non smokers. More specifically, non smokers heavily suffer from smoking than smokers. Even if they try not to smoke, non smokers suffer from harmful side stream smoke, as long as they are near smoking people. Secondly, we have to think about what kind of place restaurants are, especially about the users. Many various people use restaurants, including little children, the old, the weak, and people who hate smoking. For such people, smoking is unbearable. As the result of the above, protecting non smokers from side stream smoke is the most important thing, and smokers should always care that there're many people who suffer from their smoking. My idea might sound strict with smokers. But as I know that there're some smokers who do want to smoke, I don't force them to stop smoking, because it's their own responsibilities to decide whether they smoke or not considering their health. If they do want to smoke, they have to choose a proper place to smoke. For example, they can go to a bar where they are allowed to smoke freely without being complained. In brief, we should completely ban smoking at all the restaurants in the country and smokers should always care about other people. But some places where we are allowed to smoke should be left for smokers. I believethat this is the best way how smokers and non smokers can live together.


I disagree with the opinion that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. Today many people feel stressed. They have to work from early in the morning to late at night and they have little time to feel relaxed. Some of them may worry about human relations. Smoking in their break time or after work is necessary for them to work vigorously. Let me show you an example. I work at an Italian restaurant. In the evening about 40 percent of customers want to have smoking seats and they smoke while eating pastas. As seeing them, I realize that nothing can make them happier than smoking after work. And people who have non smoking seats don't seem to mind cigarette smoke. You may say that exposure to secondhand cigarette smoke could cause serious health problems, especially lung cancer. In fact, there is a close connection between lung cancer and smoking. So smoking seats must be separated from non smoking seats in the restaurants. And smoking people should keep in mind that people who do not smoke hate to be exposed to cigarette smoke. But as long as they follow the rule, we don't have right to deprive them of their pastime. So I am against a complete ban on smoking at all the restaurants in the country.


I agree this opinion. I have a strong opinion for smoking. Generally speaking smoking causes many problems to our body and to our daily lives. People lose their healthy body for long years smoking habit. Sometime lose their lives. And what is worse, it lose health not only people who smoke by themselves but also who stay with smoking people. It is too dangerous for us. And many smokers throw cigarettes at the street. There are lots of cigarettes on the street in the city. I hate smoking people. Especially I hate people who smoke during eating. It is the worst one. I sometime go to eat restaurant with my family. At the restaurant we enjoy the atmosphere and conversation and off course the taste of each dishes. About over 10 years ago, there were few restaurants which banned smoking. Many people smoked at the restaurant in spite of eating. All members of my family did not like smoking. So suddenly the smoke was coming our table, we felt very bad. And after that we felt tastes of the dishes were not good. Please imagine particles of the smoke attaching on the raw fish at sushi restaurant! The fresh fish changes bad one at the moment. Recently people learn the harm of smoking and have consciousness of smoking. For our happiness smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country forever.


I agree with this opinion. Recently, places where people can smoke have been limited. But, smoking is not banned at most restaurants. Smoke bothers me when someone smokes near me at a restaurant. Smoke smells too terrible for nonsmokers. And smoke makes a meal worst, even if the meal taste very good. I always think that smokers should put up with smoking while they are in a restaurant. Perhaps most nonsmokers think so. But, we Japanese people, especially in my case, cannot tell smokers to stop smoking though they feel unpleasant. So, smoking must be absolutely banned at the all restaurants. I wish I had my meal without worrying about smoke. And smoke not only makes our meal worst, but also hurts our health. It is secondhand smoke that we nonsmokers breathe in. Secondhand smoke is more toxic than smoke which smokers directly breathe in. And secondhand smoke is said to causes various diseases such as lung cancer. I absolutely don't want to breathe in such a poison gas in any places as well as restaurants. Smokers should care about nonsmokers' health. And, some people may think that restaurants lost customers if smoking is banned at all the restaurants. Certainly, some smokers may stop going to restaurants, but, perhaps, most smokers can stand smoking while they are in restaurants. And, population of nonsmokers is by far larger than that of smokers. So, more and more nonsmokers must go to restaurants and customers increase. Therefore, that's no problem if smoking is banned at all the restaurants. So smoking should be banned at restaurants.


I do not think that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurant in Japan. I think that many adult men are smoke. I think that if smoking is completely banned at all the restaurant in Japan, people who smoke will be very angry. I think that it is a good idea that tables of the restaurant in Japan are maked for people who smoke and for people who do not smoke. Because smoking is very bad for around people of a parson who smokes, I think that people who do not smoke will be very angry when around people smoking in the restaurant. I also feel bad if around people are smoking in the restaurant I do not like smoking. So I do not smoke. So I do not know feeling of people who smoke. I think that people who smoke will be very angry when people who smoke do not smoke for s few hours. In my home, only my father smokes. I feel bad when my father smoke at my next. My father started smoking when he is young. My father knowed that smoking is bad for health. But he started smoking. I think that I will not smoke in the future.


I think that we do not need smoking, but I disagree with the statement that smoking should be completely banned at the restaurant in Japan. First, if we ban to smoke at the restaurant, I think that people who like smoking will be poor. Though people who do not like smoking be poor too, I think that it is not a problem if restaurants make seats in the smoking section or a smoking room. For people who always smoke, if restaurants suddenly ban to smoke, they cannot deal with this opinion. Second, I think that the proceeds of restaurants will decrease if restaurants ban smoking. This is because all of the smokers do not want to go to the restaurants. I think that the number of smokers is not few, so they should not ban to smoking. Of course, needless to say, they must protest the location which people who do not smoke have. It is OK if we think both people. This is why, though we have to take people who do not like smoking into consideration, I think that we do not need to ban to smoke at the restaurants in Japan. We should protect the right of smoking there.


I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. In addition, I want that smoking should be banned at university. I don't smoke, so I don't like smells of smoke. And I dislike that my clothes smell like smoke. My mother hates smoke too. My father used to smoke before I born, but she made him give up smoking. Because, smoke gives a bad influence to health. Since I heard that, I made up my mind to never smoke. Smoke courses cancer. Especially lung cancer, and more lots of cancer. If I smoke every day, I will die due to cancer. But it can be avoided very easily, all of thing that I have to do is never smoking. I have friends who smoke, and they say that smoking is very comfortable, how about smoking little? But, I always remember my mother's talk and I reject. Sometimes I become to want to smoke, such a time I think that talk. Smoking doesn't have a bad influence only smoking people. They influence others. I think that smoking person will be bad is of course. But I can't allow that not smoking person gets bad. I often see smoking people in university, and that smell is very bad. And the smoke hurt my health. So, I think smoking should be completely banned.


I'm of the opinion that smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country. I think so because I have ??? reasons. The first reason is that smoking does harm to not only smoking person but also the people around him. He is free, to be sure, to do something he wants to do. But, he doesn't have a right that he does harm to other people. Moreover, they have a right that they are healthy to live a long time. Furthermore, smoking does harm to them worse than him. I think that this action is very selfish. The second reason is that smoking has a bad influence on smoking person's health and the cigarettes are too expensive. Moreover, the cigarette's price keeps on increasing because the government will decide to add to cigarette's tax. The smoking persons pay a lot of money and are done harm to by the cigarettes. I don't think that is a very good idea. The third reason is that the most people around the smoking person feel unpleasant. If many people feel unpleasant when they are walking, they feel so when they are eating. People shouldn't do something other people feel so as possible as they could. Therefore Japanese's government should ban from smoking in restaurants.


I agree with this statement. Because I don't smoke the cigarette. And I hate the smell of smoking very much. I think that most Japanese don't like smoking. The restaurant is a place we eat dishes. So smokers should not smoke there. Even if they smoke in the smoking place, people who are eating become unpleasant feelings only by seeing smoking of cigarette. I think people who want to smoke should smoke outside the restaurant, after they finish eating. In restaurant, there are many people, for example, baby, elderly person, sick person, pregnant woman, and so on. The cigarette may give them the serious damage. And if they smoke in restaurant, the poisonous substances enter the dish. And, when they keep eating it, it will surely harm the body. Smoking damages not only themselves but also others. Thinking this, they should not smoke in public place. If smoking was completely banned at all the restaurants in the country, Most Japanese would eat more deliciously, and safety. My father also smoked several years ago. But he stopped smoking, because meal became no delicious. Around me, some friends started smoking recently. They said that meal became no delicious, after they had started smoking. So I think smoking should be completely banned at all the restaurants in the country.


I disagree with this statement. I have heard a good idea about this problem. This idea is called Bun en. This idea is that completely separating nonsmokers and smokers. By this idea, nonsmokers don't absorb smoke and smokers can smoke. But, this idea has a defect. Some people say that this idea is difficult to carry out so that nonsmokers might not smoke and that nonsmokers may absorb smoke. Of course, this is right. However, in many restaurants, we will not absorb smoke. Why? There are walls between nonsmokers and smokers in many restaurants. And in my opinion, smokers have rights to smoke. So we cannot easily ban smoking in all restaurants. But don't forget. Smoking is unhealthy for not only smokers but also nonsmokers, because nonsmokers absorb smoke which smokers make. So it is needless to say that smokers must not smoke if they are sitting in the restaurant which cannot completely separate nonsmokers and smokers. Most important thing to do this idea is that everyone understand this idea and the defect of this idea and corporate. If there are no understanding, the restaurant owner cannot make walls. If smokers smoke in the restaurant which separate nonsmokers and smokers but nonsmokers can absorb smoke, some nonsmokers may say Because we allow smokers to smoke restaurant, we absorb smoke. So smoking should be completely banned at all restaurants! In this way, everyone have to understand this idea and the defect. If they do this, all people will enjoy their lives.


I think smoking should not be completely banned at all the restaurants, or s hould I say that smokers cannot stop smoking at restaurants. They may stop c oming to restaurants because they cannon smoke! If a restaurant rejects peop le who love smoking, this lost must be large for the owners of the restauran t, although customers who hate smoking may come there more frequently. Now, there are some systems to divide between smokers and nonsmokers. For example, some designate time to protect nonsmokers from smoke. We cannot smoke amon g the time. Others designate places for smokers and nonsmokers. Such systems are enough to eat good food and make us comfortable. In fact, in a restaura nt where smokers and nonsmokers are completely mixed, I cannot stop coughing. However, when I have a lunch at a family restaurant, I do never conversely worried smoke thanks to division. Furthermore, now the technology to absor b smoke is developing. This may enable nonsmokers to eat lunch next to smoke rs comfortably in the future. Taking profit of restaurants into consideratio n, these steps are realistic and reasonable. If every people can have a good time, we don't necessarily exclude smokers. We only need to invent good wa y to divide smokers and nonsmokers.


I agree that smoking should be completed banned at all the restaurants in the country. It's because smoking don't feel good to some people including me. I went to a restaurant with a friend who often smokes. When we had a dinner, he smoked and his smoke blew in my face, so I felt bad. Tastes of the dishes became bad. If all smokers were to be able to care about place and others, we don't need to make rules. I can't understand that why young people become smokers although it is clear medically that smoking is very bad for healthy. Moreover passive smoking is also bad for us. In Norway and in some states of America, Australia and other countries, all the restaurants ban smoking. It's because passive smoking wreck employees there. So making legislation to ban smoking in the restaurants and hotel is important for non smokers and also for smokers because it might make them keep from smoking. Young people who become smokers might decrease. Compared with the West, Japan falls behind for campaign against smoking. So I feel happy that the mood of no smoking spreads in the society and that people around me are more temperate in their smoking. Therefore, we need to have a legislation to ban smoking.


